By the turn of the century , the American response was represented by the debate between the American novelist and critic William Dean Howells and the writer and humorist Mark Twain .
Tangled Up explores a more electronic aspect of pop music .
The Mission church of San Luis Obispo is unusual in its design in that its combination of belfry and vestibule is found nowhere else among the California missions .
Economic development is the increase in the standard of living in a nation 's population with sustained growth from a simple , low-income economy to a modern , high-income economy .
Anime gained early popularity in East and Southeast Asia and has garnered more-recent popularity in the Western World .
She attempted to find opportunities for film work , and while unemployed , she posed for nude photographs .
Attacks have been developed for block ciphers and stream ciphers .
as of 2010 the Leader of the Opposition is Phil Goff .
He proceeded to impress the band with his ability and his antics ; Wilson was considered '' Slipknot material '' and his hiring brought the lineup to nine members .
There are several causes for glaucoma .
The game received generally favorable reviews from video game critics .
Elvis Stojko , MSC , MSM ( born March 22 , 1972 in Newmarket , Ontario ) is a Canadian figure skating world champion .
Komotini is a city in Thrace , northeastern Greece .
Each of the states of Brazil has its own '' Civil Police Department '' , which carries out detective work , forensics and criminal investigation , acting as a state bureau of investigation , while the '' Military Police '' carries out preventive police duties .
In the centre is a white crescent moon and a white five-pointed star , which symbolize progress and light respectively .
Steve Borden ( born March 20 , 1959 ) better known by his ring name Sting , is an American professional wrestler , perhaps best known for his tenure with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) .
Borce is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
According to Cassini data , scientists announced on February 13 , 2008 , that Titan hosts within its polar lakes '' hundreds of times more natural gas and other liquid hydrocarbons than all the known oil and natural gas reserves on Earth . ''
Marge was named after Groening 's mother Margaret '' Marge '' Groening , who has said she bears little similarity to the character , stating , '' It 's really weird to have people think you 're a cartoon . '' Marge 's beehive hairstyle was inspired by The Bride of Frankenstein and the style that Margaret Groening wore during the 1960s , although her hair was never blue .
After the war he unsuccessfully ran for the governorship of Indiana , but was later appointed to the U.S. Senate from that state .
The header describes the packet 's destination and , optionally , the routers to use for forwarding until it arrives at its destination .
Year 1837 ( MDCCCXXXVII ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian Calendar ( or a common year starting on Friday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
The next year saw yet another Gateshead formed , this time to be formed as Gateshead Town F.C. .
In contemporary usage , memory usually refers to a form of semiconductor storage known as random-access memory ( RAM ) and sometimes other forms of fast but temporary storage .
While at Trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector Cecil Sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast Ralph Vaughan Williams .
Wooden wedges , that swelled after being saturated with water , were also used .
Wood continued his work with the Proms until his death in 1944 .
Dame Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor , DBE ( born 27 February 1932 ) , also known as Liz Taylor , is an English-American actress .
Under the tropical zodiac , the sun enters Sagittarius on November 22 and exits on December 21 .
The government of the United States stopped using this '' gold standard '' in 1971 , which means it no longer needed to have enough gold to trade for paper money .
Faleyras is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
His first fight was against Andre Ward on November 21 , 2009 for Kessler 's WBA Super Middleweight Championship in the Super Six World Boxing Classic .
His father , John of Gaunt , was the third son of Edward III , and enjoyed a position of considerable influence during much of the reign of Richard II .
One of the murderers can be seen smiling towards the camera during the video .
In the Stone age people used sharpened or flintknapped stones , flakes , and chips of rock as arrowheads .
Emperor Sutoku succeeds Emperor Toba on the throne of Japan .
It originates on the slopes of Mount Kosciuszko , Australia 's highest mainland peak , draining the eastern slopes of the Snowy Mountains in New South Wales , before flowing through the Snowy River National Park in Victoria and emptying into Bass Strait .
Immediately after being recruited by the CIA , he served as an officer in the United States Air Force .
Launched at 18:00 on16 August 2002 , it had been codenamed Network X during the consulation period and is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 .
Trinculo is a retrograde irregular satellite of Uranus .
Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Nelson Mandela announced the formation of this new group , The Elders , in a speech he delivered on the occasion of his 89th birthday .
Novartis International AG is a multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , ranking number three in sales among the world-wide industry , which accounted 36.173 billon in 2008 .
She represented Iceland at Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song '' Je ne sais quoi '' .
The '' Stars of the White Nights Festival '' runs from May through July at the Mariinsky Theatre and the newly built Mariinsky Concert Hall - one of the best-sounding halls in the world .
In 2007 -- 08 they achieved promotion to the top flight of English football for the first time in their history , by winning the Championship play-off final at Wembley Stadium .
Though both acknowledge the primacy of the Bishop of Rome , Eastern Orthodoxy understands this as a primacy of honour with limited or no ecclesiastical authority in other dioceses .
Some communist regimes , such as North Korea , East Germany or the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic have or had more than one political party , but all minor parties are or were required to follow the leadership of the communist party .
He was subsequently loaned to Varteks Vara din during the inaugural season of the Croatian First League in the spring of 1992 , making 21 appearances and scoring nine goals in the league before returning to Dinamo Zagreb the following summer .
BeatrIX used Linux 2.6.7 and GNOME 2.8 as its GUI desktop .
The first book is titled Death 's Daughter .
The softer wheat and the lack of fat causes angel food cake to have a very light texture and taste .
Informally , the territory 's name is often abbreviated to A & N Islands , or ANI .
In the Second World War , when the Germans and Italians were allies , Rommel tempered his initial disdain of Italian soldiers , when he realized that their lack of success was principally due to poor leadership and equipment . When these difficulties were overcome they were equal to German forces .
The municipality comprises only the town of Arendonk proper .
The tail swings as a second hand and eyes move back and forth to give illusion of it watching you .
Hughes is best-known for his work during the Harlem Renaissance .
The city of Muzaffarabad serves as capital of Azad Jammu and Kashmir .
Center for Global Nonkilling , 2002 ; 3rd ed .
Amherst creates the core of the Tomorrow valley area .
Ununpentium ( ) is the temporary name of a synthetic superheavy element in the periodic table that has the temporary symbol Uup and has the atomic number 115 .
Sister cities Hamilton is a sister city with Flint , Michigan , and its young amateur athletes compete in the Canusa Games , held alternatively in the two cities since 1958 .
Terry Pratchett 's Discworld novels ( 1983 onwards ) are set on a flat , disc-shaped world that rests on the backs of four huge elephants that stand on the back of an enormous turtle .
Scouting began in 1907 when Robert Baden-Powell , Lieutenant General in the British Army , held the first Scouting encampment at Brownsea Island in England .
GIMP ( The GNU Image Manipulation Program ) is a free software raster graphics editor .
During World War I , all the Allies agreed on the reconstitution of Poland that United States President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed in Point 13 of his Fourteen Points .
Google Sidewiki is a web annotation tool from Google , launched in September 2009 .
Over the next few weeks , all three men faced each other in Handicap matches , which all three men won over the three week period by pinning and making each other submit , respectively .
For many species sex is not determined by inherited traits , but instead by environmental factors experienced during development or later in life .
Dysart acquired two nicknames : '' Salt Burgh '' and '' Little Holland '' as a result .
It was Dalrymple who named the strait after Torres .
He communicated by saying the word '' blobby '' in an electronically-altered voice , expressing his moods through tone of voice and repetition .
Raymond Thomas ( Ray ) Harford ( 1 June 1945 - 9 August 2003 ) was an English footballer , better known for his successes as a coach and manager than as a player .
Colorado Springs is a Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat and most populous city of El Paso County , Colorado , United States .
Another major attraction is Stadtpfarrkirche , a church built in 1466 , which is an excellent example of German late-Gothic architecture .
This new design was first developed by Kone in 1996 .
Gauchos use bolas made of braided leather cords with wooden balls or small leather sacks full of stones at the ends of the cords .
George Herbert Leigh Mallory ( 18 June 1886 & ndash ; 8\/9 June 1924 ) was an English mountaineer who took part in the first three British expeditions to Mount Everest in the early 1920s .
Rheinfelden ( , ) is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland , seat of the district of Rheinfelden .
The party is also an Observer in the broader European Anticapitalist Left .
As well as being the leading portrait photographer in Cuzco , Chambi made many landscape photographs , which he sold mainly in the form of postcards , a format he pioneered of in Peru .
Needham ( 1986 ) , Volume 4 , Part 2 , 400 401 .
The band spent a total of one and a half months in the studio recording this album .
Crabs are omnivores , feeding primarily on algae , and taking any other food , including molluscs , worms , other crustaceans , fungi , bacteria and detritus , depending on their availability and the crab species .
Hulless barley has been investigated for several potential new applications as whole grain , and for its value-added products .
Luiz Gervazoni ( born 22 May 1907 ; died 1963 ) was a former Brazilian football player from Rio de Janeiro .
For example , the British Ambassador to the United States , Sir David Manning , was appointed a CMG when he worked for the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) , and then after his appointment as British Ambassador to the United States , he was promoted to a Knight Commander ( KCMG ) .
Vince then announced that he and Michaels would face off against each other at WrestleMania .
It is in public beta , and has been available since April 2 , 2004 .
Hatteras is an unincorporated community in Dare County , North Carolina , United States , on the Outer Banks island of Hatteras .
A silkworm 's preferred food is white mulberry leaves , but it may also eat the leaves of any other mulberry tree ( ie , Morus rubra or Morus negra ) as well as the Osage Orange .
Thereafter engraving tended to lose ground to etching , which was a much easier technique for the artist to learn .
Other films featuring the breed includes Hotel for Dogs , The Adventures of Milo and Otis , Disney 's Pocahontas , 12 Rounds , Marie Antoinette .
Cowpox is a skin disease caused by a virus known as the Cowpox virus .
Richter left his post at Late Night in 2000 to pursue a career acting in films and television .
It was owned by the Steinman family owners of WGAL radio ( 1490 AM ) and Lancaster 's two major newspapers , the Intelligencer Journal and the Lancaster New Era .
Viceroyalty of New Spain ( present-day Mexico ) was the name of the viceroy-ruled territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia , North America and its peripheries from 1535 to 1821 .
The show typically uses the traditional soap opera look , featuring constructed sets such as the Forrester Mansion , the Shady Marlin , and the Forrester Creations offices .
Isotopic systems that have been exploited for radiometric dating have half-lives ranging from only about 10 years ( e.g. , tritium ) to over 100 billion years ( e.g. , Samarium-147 ) .
In England this is the traditional end of the Dark Ages and the start of the Middle Ages .
History The Vosges department is one of the original 83 departments of France , created on February 9 , 1790 during the French Revolution .
The administration of the country was largely controlled by Seyss-Inquart himself .
At the qep &#39; a &#39; of the year 2003 , a documentary movie about the KLI was produced .
The Penn World Table is a widely cited source of PPP adjustments , and the so-called Penn effect reflects such a systematic bias in using exchange rates to outputs among countries .
It was intended to guard the route to the interior gold deposits of the Cibao valley .
Plante was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1978 , was chosen as the goaltender of the Canadiens ' '' dream team '' in 1985 , and was inducted into the Quebec Sports Pantheon in 1994 .
He played for Brazil national team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup finals .
When he told her that they were actually announcing the Nobel prize winners on this very day , he said '' her jaw dropped . ''
Setting up a system of rules , institutions , and procedures to regulate the international monetary system , the planners at Bretton Woods established the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( IBRD ) , which today is part of the World Bank Group .
The fire started in Witch Creek Canyon near Santa Ysabel and quickly spread to Ramona , Rancho Bernardo , Poway and Escondido .
An automatic list is available at Special : Listusers\/oversight .
By Topic Religion January 11 -- Pope Miltiades ' reign ends .
The Volkswagen LT was the largest light commercial vehicle panel van produced by Volkswagen ( and subsequently Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles as of 1996 ) from 1975 to 2006 .
Madrid is one of Europe 's largest financial centres and the largest in Spain .
The type species , Sinovenator changii , was described by Xu , Norell , Wang , Makovicky and Wu in 2002 .
The village of Lipki is known since at least the 17th century .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
Jagger 's girlfriend of the time , Marianne Faithfull , had come to Australia to play the lead female role ( Ned 's sister , Maggie ) , but the Jagger-Faithfull relationship was breaking up , and she took an overdose of sleeping tablets soon after arrival in Sydney .
Usage guides or slang and idiom guides .
Thrash metal emerged in the early 1980s under the influence of hardcore punk and the New Wave of British Heavy Metal , particularly songs in the revved-up style known as speed metal . The movement began in the United States , with Bay Area thrash metal being the leading scene .
The most important sight in Patra is the contemporary Bridge Rio-Antirio which links Peloponnisos and Sterea Ellada .
Sony Music Entertainment ( SME or Sony Music ) is the second-largest global recorded music company of the '' big four '' record companies and is controlled by Sony Corporation of America , the United States subsidiary of Japan 's Sony Corporation .
Dr. Mario is an action puzzle game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy consoles in 1990 .
Super Friends is an American animated television series about a team of superheroes , which ran from 1973 to 1986 on ABC as part of its Saturday morning cartoon lineup .
She went to high school in Sydney .
There may or may not be whorls of branches at the nodes ; when present , these branches are identical to the main stem except being smaller and more delicate .
The investment costs for the Waldpolenz solar park amount to some 130 million euro .
The term epinephrine is often shortened to epi in medical jargon .
On 25 July 1956 , approaching the coast of Nantucket , Massachusetts , bound for New York City , Andrea Doria collided with the east-bound MS Stockholm of the Swedish American Line in what became one of history 's most infamous maritime disasters .
Kekkonen also served as Minister of Foreign Affairs for periods in 1952 -- 1953 and 1954 whilst he was Prime Minister .
Post went on to be certified Platinum in various regions including the UK , USA , Canada , Europe and Australia , and produced three UK Top 10 singles .
However , some historical grand duchies still retain the titles granted to them , usually from the Congress of Vienna in 1814-1815 .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vissel Kobe in the J. League .
Bodybuilding became more popular in the 1950s and 1960s with the emergence of strength and gymnastics champions joining the sport , and the simultaneous popularization of muscle training , most of all by Charles Atlas , whose advertising in comic books and other publications encouraged many young men to undertake weight training to improve their physiques to resemble the comic books ' muscular superheroes .
Christians in Russia have their own special type of church .
He with his spouse and younger sister , Izanami , bore many islands , deities and forefathers of Japan .
Encryption is also used to protect data in transit , for example data being transferred via networks ( e.g. the Internet , e-commerce ) , mobile telephones , wireless microphones , wireless intercom systems , Bluetooth devices and bank automatic teller machines .
Schupfart is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Portuguese started arriving in the 1750s , mainly from the Azores islands , and colonized the coast .
In Wufeng , a village in southern Taichung County , the damage was especially devastating ; the village 's Guangfu Junior High School lay directly on the fault line and was severely damaged by the quake .
In 1976 a petition was presented to parliament asking for it to be made the national anthem , and , with the permission of Queen Elizabeth II , it became the country 's second national anthem on November 21 , 1977 , on equal standing with God Save The Queen .
The name dill comes from Old English dile , thought to have originated from a Norse or Anglo-Saxon word dylle meaning to soothe or lull , the plant having the carminative property of relieving gas .
Franklin began to accelerate to the northeast becoming extratropical on July 30 to the south of Newfoundland .
The county was significantly affected by the expansion of the metropolitan area of London in both the 18th and 19th centuries , such that from 1855 the south-east was administered as part of the metropolis .
Van Diemen 's Land was the original name used by Europeans for the island of Tasmania , now part of Australia .
For instance , an armoire desk is a desk built within a large wardrobe-like cabinet , and a portable desk is light enough to be placed on a person 's lap . Since many people lean on a desk while using it , a desk must be sturdy .
Affected individuals have two copies of chromosome 18 plus extra material from chromosome 18 attached to another chromosome .
The Houston Dynamo are an American professional soccer club based in Houston , Texas that participates in Major League Soccer .
This is often done to secure a lower interest rate , secure a fixed interest rate or for the convenience of servicing only one loan .
The Battle of Gettysburg ( locally , with an ss sound ) , fought July 1 & ndash ; 3 , 1863 , in and around the town of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , was the battle with the largest number of casualties in the American Civil WarThe Battle of Antietam , the culmination of Lee 's first invasion of the North , had the largest number of casualties in a single day , about 23,000 .
Nomination for second term In 1996 , ten Security Council members , led by African members Egypt , Guinea-Bissau and Botswana , sponsored a resolution backing Boutros-Ghali for a second five-year term , until the year 2001 .
It was released in Japan on March 21 , 2001 ; in North America on June 11 , 2001 ; in Australia and Europe on June 22 , 2001 ; and in the People 's Republic of China on June 8 , 2004 ( excluding Hong Kong ) .
The use of hyphens is called hyphenation .
Among his most important works are a series of paintings of the River Thames , mostly around Hampton , executed in 1874 , and various landscapes depicting places in or near Moret-sur-Loing .
Much of his work is associated with the movement to redefine the female fashionable shape , removing excessive ruffles and frills and using rich fabrics in simple but flattering outlines .
Evangelist meets Christian as he is walking out in the fields and directs him to the '' Wicket Gate '' for deliverance .
Machaut wrote the Messe de Nostre Dame , the earliest known complete setting of the Ordinary of the Mass attributable to a single composer .
The larva is ringed with black and white bands and has yellow and reddish-brown fleshy projections .
During the winter months , this is supplemented for both areas by an hour long program , broadcast Monday-Friday , between 1805 - 1900 .
Most real programs fall somewhere on a continuum between task parallelism and data parallelism .
s Stewart subsequently became Jaguar Racing .
Broom ( shrub ) , a group of shrubs
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , IBSN 0198605757 It is a religious building for worship , specifically of a denomination with an episcopal hierarchy , such as the Roman Catholic , Anglican , Orthodox , and some Lutheran and Methodist churches , which serves as a bishop 's seat , and thus as the central church of a diocese , conference , or episcopate .
The Airedale Terrier ( often shortened to '' Airedale '' ) is a breed of the terrier type that originated in Airedale , a geographic area in Yorkshire , England .
Biological lipids originate entirely or in part from two distinct types of biochemical subunits or '' building blocks '' : ketoacyl and isoprene groups .
His older brother Akihiro , who retired in 2008 , was also a professional footballer .
She was raised in a musical family along with her older brother , Rufus Wainwright , in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
This category is for articles about chemical compounds of selenium .
Her margin of victory was 16.42 points ahead of silver medalist Joannie Rochette .
IMDB page The physical award is a representation of the planet Saturn , surrounded with a ring of film .
Kurud is a town and a nagar panchayat in Dhamtari District in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh . Kurud is located at .
For a long time , his first six appearances would stand as the show 's record ; his current tally of nine - the most recent being in December 2010 - fall one short of the record for guest appearances as a panellist ( without appearing as host or team captain ) held by Andy Hamilton .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 58,779 people , 21,920 households , and 15,607 families residing in the county .
When it is able to obtain more meat than it can eat it will engage in '' surplus killing '' and often stores the extra food for later .
for festivals in other cities see : White Night festivals .
Louis XVI and his wife , Marie Antoinette , were executed ( in 1793 ) , along with thousands of other French citizens during the Reign of Terror .
Atlantic hurricane seasons
Early science , particularly geometry and astrology and astronomy , was connected to the divine for most medieval scholars , and many believed that there was something intrinsically '' divine '' or '' perfect '' that could be found in circles .
Virgil 's father was a wealthy landowner , who could afford a good education for his son that included schools in Cremona , Mediolanum , Rome and Naples .
Billericay ( ) is a small commuter town in Essex , England with a population of 40,000 .
DiseasesDB = 9503
Professional career The Expos selected Sizemore in the third round of the 2000 Major League Baseball Draft .
Eisenach , Germany builds its Stadtschloss ( city castle ) .
The letter S is the subject of the conclusion , P is the predicate of the conclusion , and M is the middle term .
Her father John Donelson was the brother of Rachel Donelson Jackson , the wife of the future President .
-- )
Though Las Vegas 's gambling revenues have been surpassed by Macau , the Las Vegas area remains one of the world 's top entertainment destinations .
The Shiba Inu is the smallest of the six original and distinct breeds of dog from Japan .
is a train station located in Shibuya , Tokyo , Japan .
The word prion is a compound word derived from the initial letters of the words proteinaceous and infectious , with - on added by analogy to the word virion .
ISBN 1-85437-513-X Delacroix 's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of color profoundly shaped the work of the Impressionists , while his passion for the exotic inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement .
It is part of Arriva Midlands .
At first , during the 1820s and 1830s , she composed exclusively for the piano .
It is one of the most densely populated union councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
Kuttawa is a city in Lyon County , Kentucky , United States .
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms , with or without
Ludwig von Brenner ( 19 September 1833 & ndash ; 9 February 1902 ) was a German conductor and composer .
The state was named after the southern English county of Hampshire .
Aqua Mizuto
Robotic droids are also commonplace and are generally built to serve their owners .
His successor , Vice Mayor Antonio de Jesus Villegas , pursued his plan .
Danaus , commonly called Tigers , Milkweeds , Monarchs , and Queens , is a genus of butterflies in the tiger butterfly tribe .
Takashi Fukunishi is a former Japanese football player .
Many folders believe no tool should be used when folding .
He was replaced by Jason Everman , formerly of Nirvana .
James Gordon Brown ( born 20 February 1951 ) is a British Labor Party politician , who has been a Member of Parliament ( MP ) since 1983 , currently for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath .
She was involved in a number of punk rock , pub rock and blues bands in the South East Essex area during the late 1970s and early 1980s , including the Vandals , the Screamin ' Ab Dabs , the Vicars and the Little Roosters ( the latter featuring Gary Lammin formerly of Cock Sparrer ) .
Robbie Coltrane , OBE ( born Anthony Robert McMillan ; 30 March 1950 ) is a Scottish actor , comedian and author .
Bright 's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be described in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis .
Fanning 's breakthrough performance was in I Am Sam in 2001 .
Lagnieu
He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1870 , serving from 1871 to 1879 .
The city is served by Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II Airport which has scheduled flights to many cities in Indonesia and also to Singapore by Silk Air and Malaysia by Air Asia .
The Rhine flows into it from the south following the Austro-Swiss frontier .
Miranda ( programming language ) , a computer programming language
From a geometric point of view , all points on a sphere are equivalent & ndash ; one could select any arbitrary point on the Earth , and create a paper map that covers the Earth with strips that come together at that point and the antipodal point .
Lalonquette is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
'' Calendar & ndash ; Portugal & ndash ; 1303 '' ( Julian calendar ) ,
Boy Kill Boy - '' Maneater '' ( originally by Nelly Furtado )
Along with Windows 2000 from the NT family , Windows Me was the last version of Windows that lacked Windows Product Activation .
The total area is 34.05 km which gives a population density of 384 inhabitants per km .
August 1 & ndash ; Emperor Kogon ( died 1364 )
Bourdelles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
BBC Children in Need became a registered charity in 1989 .
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson ( December 10 , 1830 -- May 15 , 1886 ) was an American poet .
Eisenstein proposed a biography of munitions tycoon Sir Basil Zaharoff and a film version of Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw , and more fully developed plans for a film of Sutter 's Gold by Jack London , but on all accounts failed to impress the studio 's producers .
The used queries are somewhat different from relational SQL , as it uses a so-called '' abstract schema '' of the enterprise beans instead of the relational model .
Nereid ( or ; ) , also known as Neptune II , is the third-largest moon of Neptune .
In some areas , such as law , philosophy , theology and sociology , the venia , and thus the habilitation , is only given for certain sub-fields ( such as criminal law , civil law , or philosophy of science , practical philosophy etc. ) ; in others , for the entire field .
It officially began on June 1 , 1993 , and lasted until November 30 , 1993 .
In addition , the Academy gives Student Academy Awards annually to filmmakers at the undergraduate and graduate level ; awards up to five Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting annually ; and operates the Margaret Herrick Library ( at the Fairbanks Center for Motion Picture Study ) in Beverly Hills , California and the Pickford Center for Motion Picture Study in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California .
Main article : Programming language This category contains all general-purpose programming languages either directly or in sub-categories . Articles that do not focus on an individual programming language should instead be categorized under : Category : Programming language topics .
The film features the voices of Kathryn Beaumont as Alice ( also voice of Wendy Darling in the later Disney feature film , Peter Pan ) and Ed Wynn as the Mad Hatter .
Rapid intensification ensued as Rita moved into the Gulf of Mexico , and Rita became a Category 5 hurricane on September 21 , becoming the third ( now fourth ) most intense hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic Basin .
But this gain was not without its loss , as Sempronius avoided Hannibal 's watchfulness , slipped around his flank , and joined his colleague in his camp near the Trebia River near Placentia .
Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ( commonly shortened to Alice in Wonderland ) is an 1865 novel written by English author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll .
It is named after the Roman name for Wales , Cambria , where rocks from this age were first studied .
The album is the band 's most successful to date , achieving diamond status in Canada ( 1,000,000 units sold ) and strong sales in other countries , including platinum status in the U.S. .
Brooksville is a city in Bracken County , Kentucky , in the United States .
The WebKit engine provides a set of classes to display web content in windows , and implements browser features such as following links when clicked by the user , managing a back-forward list , and managing a history of pages recently visited .
Saint Martin ( ; ) is an island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km ( 186 miles ) east of Puerto Rico .
The section from the M1 to the M6 Toll split near Birmingham forms part of the unsigned E-road and the section from the M6 Toll and the M42 forms part of .
Bratislava Castle is converted to a fortress under Sigismund of Luxemburg .
This technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size .
The Ottauquechee rises in the Green Mountains in eastern Rutland County in the town of Killington , and flows generally eastwardly into Windsor County , where it passes through or along the boundaries of the towns of Bridgewater , Woodstock , Pomfret , Hartford and Hartland ; and the villages of Woodstock and Quechee .
In 1978 , he was inducted into the Western Performers Hall of Fame at the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Borgetti is the all-time leading goal scorer for the Mexican national team , with 46 goals .
This coincided with Foucault 's turn to the study of disciplinary institutions , with a book , Surveiller et Punir ( Discipline and Punish ) , which '' narrates '' the micro-power structures that developed in Western societies since the 18th century , with a special focus on prisons and schools .
The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning the next day , while a separate watch was posted for the Burin and Bonavista peninsulas , though it was quickly discontinued .
In the south of Cranbourne is the Royal Botanic Gardens , Cranbourne , and the Cranbourne Racecourse & Recreation Reserve .
The war between Scotland and Norway ends as King Alexander III of Scotland and King Magnus VI of Norway agree to the Treaty of Perth , which cedes the Western Isles and Isle of Man to Scotland in exchange for a large monetary payment .
Owing , however , to the mediation of Sir Henry Lawrence , Imam-ud-din desisted from opposition and Kashmir passed without further disturbances to the new ruler .
Born in London , he was educated at Highgate School , where a fellow pupil was John Tavener .
PuTTY was originally written for Microsoft Windows , but it has been ported to various other operating systems .
After three subpar games in Weeks 2 4 , Warner was replaced at quarterback by rookie Matt Leinart in the fourth quarter of Week 4 .
As he was gazetted assistant secretary to the new Governor of Penang in 1805 , he married Olivia Mariamne Fancourt , a widow who was formerly married to Jacob Cassivelaun Fancourt , an assistant surgeon in Madras who had died in 1800 .
Huntingdon College , founded in 1854 , is a coeducational liberal arts college in Montgomery , Alabama , United States .
The fleet of 27 sets were built from 1999 to 2001 by Alstom at Washwood Heath in Birmingham .
Hans and his group secure the party goers as hostages , but McClane manages to slip into the stairwell of the building .
Croissanville ( Fr .
Wilhelm Schickard 's 1623 device was the first of a number of mechanical calculators constructed by European engineers , but none fit the modern definition of a computer , because they could not be programmed .
It is the largest and most populous city in the metropolitan area of Gush Dan , home to 3.15 million people as of 2008 .
It is commonly used in combination with a dustpan .
Rich Lilac ( Hex : # B666D2 ) ( RGB : 182 , 102 , 210 )
Trauma Center : Second Opinion known as Caduceus Z : Two Super Surgical Operations in Japan , is the second game in the Trauma Center series .
A&M releases were initially issued in the United Kingdom by EMI 's Stateside Records label , and then under its own name by Pye Records until 1967 .
Michael first found success after forming the duo Wham !
The cadaver must be monitored at all times , and if necessary , '' life saving '' procedures must be taken .
Future population growth in the county is hoped to be concentrated around Oxford , Banbury , Bicester , Didcot and Witney , near the South Midlands growth area .
It opened in Canton , Ohio , United States , on September 7 1963 with 17 charter inductees .
Sri , commonly known as Lakshmi and also called Sri Lakshmi , is one of the most popular and widely worshiped Goddesses in Hindu tradition since pre-Buddhist period .
Uthman was killed by members of a disaffected group .
David Michael '' Dave '' Navarro ( born June 7 , 1967 ) is an American guitarist who plays in the alternative rock band Jane 's Addiction and cover band Camp Freddy .
The same is true of the synonyms technical terms , terms of art , shop talk and words of art , which do not necessarily refer to technology or art.Merriam-Webster 's Dictionary of LawMcGraw-Hill Concise Dictionary of Modern MedicineWest 's Encyclopedia of American Law Within one or more fields , these terms have one or more specific meanings that are not necessarily the same as those in common use .
To document ( verb ) is to produce a document artifact by collecting and representing information .
The Cornish people in particular were actively encouraged to emigrate to Australia following the demise of Cornish mining in the 19th century .
His most recent album returns to Swedish .
The Tales of Alvin Maker is a series of novels by Orson Scott Card that revolve around the experiences of a young man , Alvin Miller , who discovers he has incredible powers for creating and shaping things around him .
The Governor of Zhejiang is the highest ranking official in the People 's Government of Zhejiang .
The storm produced heavy surf along the western coastline , as well as a storm tide of 4.78 feet ( 1.46 m ) at Clearwater Beach .
Yet most of the affluent believe that they have no such responsibility and Thomas Pogge 's book seeks to explain how this belief is sustained .
A grinding mill is a unit operation designed to break a solid material into smaller pieces .
Bopp 's Comparative Grammar , appearing between 1833 and 1852 , counts as the starting point of Indo-European studies as an academic discipline .
In the summer of 325 , the bishops of all provinces were summoned to Nicaea ( now known as znik , in modern-day Turkey ) , a place easily accessible to the majority of delegates , particularly those of Asia Minor , Syria , Palestine , Egypt , Greece , and Thrace .
As of October 18 , 2006 , and the release of The Sims 2 : Pets expansion pack , the Maxis title has been omitted from the game 's start .
Places with more than three months of average daily temperatures above and a coldest month temperature below and which do not meet the criteria for an arid or semiarid climate , are classified as continental .
Soon after his birth , Grabowski 's family moved from Nowe Dobra to Thorn , Prussia ( now Toru , Poland ) .
Several of these national or specific language based churches later expanded to worldwide denominations .
Example : '' Watch out ! ''
The country Goryeo was founded in 918 and replaced Silla as the ruling dynasty of Korea .
The Missouri in its original natural meandering state was the longest river in North America .
Urban blacks usually speak English or Afrikaans in addition to their native tongue .
Metis ' density implies that that moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10 - 15 % , and Adrastea may be similar .
The districts of Aue and Schwarzenberg were established in 1873 .
Classically , the order is divided into three suborders :
Food prepared in accordance with them is termed kosher , and food that is not kosher is also known as treifah or treif . People who observe these laws are colloquially said to be '' keeping kosher '' .
Chitral District is the most northerly district in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province , to the west and north is Afghanistan - in the north the Wakhan Corridor , a narrow strip claimed by Pakistan , it separates Pakistan from Tajikistan .
Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre ( 21 June 1905 15 April 1980 ) , commonly known as Jean-Paul Sartre , , was a French existentialist philosopher , playwright , novelist , screenwriter , political activist , biographer , and literary critic .
Kerosene shale was mined at Mount Temi , some 11.25 km to the north of Murrurundi from 1886 , but laid dormant for many years .
Mary was under house arrest at that time , having been imprisoned in 1565 for marrying royal gatekeeper Thomas Keyes without the permission of Queen Elizabeth .
Lethal injection refers to the practice of injecting a convicted criminal offender with a fatal dose of drugs for the express purpose of executing the subject .
The recently retired Nanne was named as general manager , and a number of the Barons players & ndash ; notably goaltender Gilles Meloche and forwards Al MacAdam and Mike Fidler & ndash ; bolstered the Minnesota lineup .
In 1999 , she released '' Demir Leblebi '' ( '' The Iron Chickpea '' ) , which caused controversy because of the lyrics of the song with the same name , which talks about her memories of child molestation by her father .
According to the Guinness World Records , the largest lobster was caught in Nova Scotia , Canada , and weighed 20.15 kg ( 44.4 lb ) .
James Ware ( born June 20 , 1957 ) , better known by his ring name Koko B. Ware , is a semi-retired American professional wrestler who made his professional wrestling debut in 1978 .
Two Formula One teams were supplied with Cosworth engines in 2006 : the Williams team using Cosworth V8 engines , transmissions , and associated electronics ; and the Scuderia Toro Rosso team using rev-limited Cosworth V10s based on 2005 spec engines . The end of the 2006 F1 season marked the end of Cosworth 's remarkable 43 year association with the series , as no team opted to use Cosworth for 2007 .
St. Louis producer Bam handed Nelly a skeleton track which samples and contains elements from Patti LaBelle 's '' Love , Need and Want You '' from her 1983 album I 'm In Love Again .
Accessed 2008-08-07 The legend is linked to an idea in the Book of Revelation ( 3:12 and 21:2 ) describing a Second Coming , wherein Jesus establishes a new Jerusalem .
The club 's main local rival is Norwich City .
For every 100 females , age 18 and over , there are 103.9 males .
The company 's motto ( which remains today ) , '' Do better if possible and that is always possible '' , first appeared in Constantin 's letter to Jaques-Barth élémy .
After teaching in Tasmania for nine years , he migrated to New Zealand as a young man and worked for a time in Nelson , Christchurch , Dunedin and Invercargill .
At the time , the reasons for his return were unclear ; some claimed that he was simply homesick , while others believed that he had been kidnapped by Soviet officials .
He was a child prodigy at the piano . From 1916 to 1926 , he studied at the Mozarteum in Salzburg , where he was encouraged to concentrate on conducting by his teacher , who detected his exceptional promise in that regard .
'' '' redirects here .
Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself , because it is pain , but occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure .
Sabellianism was also referred to by the following Church fathers : * Dionysius ( c. 200-265 ) wrote '' Those baptized in the name of three persons ... though baptized by heretics .
In late 1990 , shortly after the band 's first nationwide tour , Sobrante left the East Bay area to attend college .
Koki Otani is a Japanese footballer who plays for Urawa Red Diamonds .
In 1940 he was recalled for military service , but was discharged for medical reasons in 1942 .
Traditionally , the term refers to the distribution of printed works such as books ( the '' book trade '' ) and newspapers .
Geographic range Found from Assam in India , through northern Burma to Tibet , China ( Hupeh , Szechwan and Yunnan ) and Vietnam .
Charles Warren Fairbanks ( May 11 , 1852 -- June 4 , 1918 ) was a Senator from Indiana ( 1897-1905 ) and the 26th Vice President of the United States ( 1905-1909 ) .
The corresponding sort of cell division in prokaryotes is known as binary fission .
Although the storm was tropical at this time , the NHC did not issue advisories for several hours .
'' Nunarput utoqqarsuanngoravit '' ( You Our Ancient Land ) is the national anthem of Greenland , an autonomous province of Denmark .
The player may move in all directions while facing in a separate one , similar to the way a first-person shooter is controlled , and similar to the freeware PC shooter Crimsonland .
Madden guides the player on advice and other things to help raise his or her Madden IQ .
Roeselare is a Belgian city and municipality in the Flemish province of West Flanders .
Bitola is located in the southwestern part of Macedonia .
Aung San Suu Kyi is the third child and only daughter of Aung San , considered to be the father of modern-day Burma .
In 1979 , the Butetown Historic Railway Society was formed at Bute Road Station in the docklands area of Cardiff .
Eastern Kentucky University , commonly referred to as Eastern or by the acronym EKU by local residents , is an undergraduate and graduate teaching and research institution located in Richmond , Kentucky , U.S.A. .
Loge ( , or spelling pronunciation ) , or Saturn XLVI ( provisional designation S\/2006 S 5 ) , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
In 1998 he went one better , reaching the semi-final for the first time , by which time he was ranked as one of the top 10 ATP players .
The famed zeppelin Hindenburg that was destroyed by fire in 1937 was named in his honor , as was the Hindenburgdamm , a causeway joining the island of Sylt to mainland Schleswig-Holstein that was built during his time in office .
In Japanese mythology , Ry g - j ( \/O/ ) is the undersea palace of Ry jin , the dragon god of the sea .
Marshall joined the Bristol music scene as a member of the sound system The Wild Bunch in the 1980s , which included two other Massive Attack members , Robert del Naja and Andrew Vowles .
Ambrose Everett Burnside ( May 23 , 1824 September 13 , 1881 ) was an American soldier , railroad executive , inventor , industrialist , and politician from Rhode Island , serving as governor and a U.S. Senator .
It reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart .
The Kingdom of Tungning was a Han Chinese government which ruled Taiwan , between 1661 and 1683 .
Myspace also enabled users to integrate their Myspace activity to their Twitter and Facebook accounts , to attract and show others that they are still on Myspace and to bring users back to Myspace . Myspace Movies was also added to promote movies and movie related media .
The valley is a long , narrow basin 282 feet ( 86 m ) below sea level , yet is walled by high , steep mountain ranges .
Since 1992 , the extensive historic centre of Prague has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites .
Hollywood 's classic film noir period is generally regarded as stretching from the early 1940s to the late 1950s .
Unlike the campaigns against the Aztec and Inca states , the Maya had no single political center whose overthrow would hasten the end of collective resistance by the indigenous peoples .
The two single car units were originally built as a two-car unit and then split two years later when demand came about .
Noyelles-Godault is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Usually , a mahout starts as a boy in the ` family business ' when he is assigned an elephant early in its life and they would be attached to each other throughout the elephant 's life .
After spending the 1920 - 21 season playing for Calgary Alberta Grain , Thompson played three seasons in Bellevue , Alberta .
Aarwangen District was a district in the northeast corner of the canton of Bern in Switzerland , with its seat at Aarwangen .
The Thoroughbred is a horse breed best known for its use in horse racing . Although the word thoroughbred is sometimes used to refer to any breed of purebred horse , it technically refers only to the Thoroughbred breed .
After converting to Christianity , he began to insist that story lines be stripped of anything he thought too adult or racy in Growing Pains .
The sparse historical background of Arthur is gleaned from various sources , including the Annales Cambriae , the Historia Brittonum , and the writings of Gildas .
Mayet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Miso was used as military provision during the Sengoku era and making miso was an important economic activity for daimyos of that era .
This chemically-produced light from the lower abdomen may be yellow , green , or pale red -- wavelengths from 510 to 670 nanometers .
Blyton was born on 11 August 1897 at 354 Lordship Lane , East Dulwich , London , England , the eldest child of Thomas Carey Blyton ( 1870 -- 1920 ) , a salesman of cutlery , and his wife , Theresa Mary Harrison ( 1874 -- 1950 ) .
It is being more commonly acknowledged today that the purpose of harems during the Ottoman Empire was for the royal upbringing of the future wives of noble and royal men .
An assembly of the Russian Empire elects Mikhail Romanov to be Tsar of Russia , and establishes the Romanov Dynasty , ending the Time of Troubles .
R ux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Arcadia has its present-day capital at Tripoli .
There was an important pearling industry from the 1860s until about 1970 when it collapsed in the face of competition from the plastics industry .
Bilbao ( ) is the largest city in the Basque Country and the capital of the province of Biscay ( Basque : Bizkaia ; Spanish : Vizcaya ) , Spain .
In the study of history as an academic discipline , a primary source ( also called original source or evidence ) it is an artifact , a document , a recording , or other source of information that was created at the time under study . It serves as an original source of information about the topic .
March 13 WWII : On Bougainville , Japanese troops end their assault on American forces at Hill 700 .
Dundee is a city in Delaware County , Iowa , United States .
This was the largest number of POWs since World War II and included some government officials .
Saint-Florent ( ) is a commune in Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica .
Merchants Players can hire a merchant using dark matter to trade one resource type for another .
La Vega is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Guayana Esequiba is the territory of Guyana claimed by Venezuela .
Bristol is a city in and the county seat of Liberty County , Florida , United States .
In 1985 , Paige released '' I Know Him So Well '' with Barbara Dickson from the musical Chess , which remains the biggest-selling record by a female duo .
By the early 1960s a more general system was needed , and on July 1 , 1963 , non-mandatory ZIP codes were announced for the whole country .
Alternative algebra , an abstract algebra with alternative multiplication
In the 1970s relatively large numbers of newcomers to Alaska came to Anchorage , then relocated 40 m up the Glenn Highway to the largely rural Matanuska Valley where a '' Alaskan country '' lifestyle pervades .
To date he has released 14 albums and a live VCD and DVD of his famous Batman concert of 2003 to which more than a 200.000 people attended .
Dorabella and the disguised Guglielmo pair off , as do the other two .
Jambul ( Syzygium cumini ) is an evergreen tropical tree in the flowering plant family Myrtaceae , native to Bangladesh , India , Nepal , Pakistan and Indonesia .
There are also standards covering the changing of clothes ( such as on a beach ) , and the closing or locking of the door when changing or taking a shower .
Fluid mechanics , especially fluid dynamics , is an active field of research with many unsolved or partly solved problems .
Floor plans will include notes to specify finishes , construction methods , or symbols for electrical items .
A mechanism of interplay between the Yarkovsky effect and nonlinear secular resonances ( primarily involving Jupiter and Saturn ) has been proposed Binary A satellite , designated S/2005 ( 809 ) 1 , was identified based on lightcurve observations in 2005 .
Among noteworthy buildings is St Mary 's Church , where Mary Tudor , Queen of France and sister of Tudor king Henry VIII , was re-buried , six years after her death , having been moved from the Abbey after her brother 's Dissolution of the Monasteries .
According to the pre-Islamic remaining relics and historical texts , Qom was a large city .
He was the father of eight children and had been married seven times ( polygamously ) , after converting to Islam .
It is known for its rugged beauty , remoteness , geological interest , and the dramatic cliff paintings and rock carvings which depict an era of abundant animal life and human habitation .
When referred to as Calcutta , it usually includes the suburbs , and thus its population exceeds 15 million , making it India 's third-largest metropolitan area and urban agglomeration .
The Budapest Commuter Area is home to 3,271,110 people .
Eraclea is a town and comune in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy .
The Cathedral contains the world 's oldest working clock ( from AD 1386 ) and has one of the four surviving original copies of the Magna Carta ( all four original copies are in England ) .
Berlei Limited was one of the first Australian companies to expand outside AustraliaClune , p. 439 .
Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
Although none of its members have won the Stanley Cup since the realignment , its members account for a combined 42 Stanley Cup championships ( 24 by Montreal , 13 by Toronto , and 5 by Boston ) , which is the most championships of any division in the NHL .
They also lent their names to advertising for other merchandising products , from cigars and cosmetics to shoes and hats .
Comrades , shot dead by the Steel Helmet and Swastika March in spirit within our ranks .
The term usually refers to a semiconductor diode , the most common type today .
Leonardo 's mother , Alessandra , died when he was nine years old .
He is also the founder of the World Wide Web Foundation , and is a senior researcher and holder of the 3Com Founders Chair at the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( CSAIL ) .
Howard Carter ( 9 May 18742 March 1939 ) was an English archaeologist and Egyptologist , noted as a primary discoverer of the tomb of Tutankhamun .
Miss Donnithorne 's Maggot ; Eight Songs for a Mad King .
He has been praised for his efficient rehearsals which he keeps short , and is noted for his habit of walking around the stage while conducting and not using a podium , even at concerts .
Revenue is divided into four categories .
The page cache in main memory , which is an example of disk cache , is managed by the operating system kernel .
Emma Balaguer Viuda Vallejo ( D.M. )
Ustaritz ( Basque Uztaritze ) is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
In 1862 , he finished his studies in Leipzig , and held his first concert in his home town of Bergen , where his programme included Beethoven 's Pathétique sonata .
Saint-Vigor-le-Grand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 1934 , during a trip to Hollywood , Pascal was contacted by Princess Norina Matchabelli ( wife of the perfume manufacturer ) about a film project based on the teachings of her guru Shri Meher Baba .
Lodhran ( ) is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan , located on the northern side of River Sutlej .
Before that , he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Behaviorism comprises the position that all theories should have observational correlates but that there are no philosophical differences between publicly observable processes ( such as actions ) and privately observable processes ( such as thinking and feeling ) .
It is at the southwest corner of California , as well as southwest corner of the United States .
The brand is sold in almost 80 countries around the world , distributed through 15 boutiques that sell no other brand , and over 500 points of sale .
A Broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses , e.g. magical and punitive .
Genus Pseudopus - Scheltopusik ( 1 species )
Patrick Allen McLoughlin ( born 30 November 1957 , Stafford ) is a British politician .
Bourg-Saint-Christophe is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Melanie visited him faithfully during his decline until his death on 22 February 1903 ; her lack of faith to her husband , however , tortured her , and she killed herself in 1906 .
The blockade was maintained for eight months after the Armistice in November 1918 , into the following year of 1919 , in order to force Germany to sign the controversial Treaty of Versailles in June 1919 .
Biography Career Daniel Barenboim was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
In the early 1990s , the country drew considerable criticism from other nations for its underground nuclear tests in French Polynesia .
Alfred Pritchard Sloan , Jr. ( May 23 , 1875 - February 17 , 1966 ) was a long-time president and chairman of General Motors .
The depiction of the dromaeosaurid in the original Jurassic Park film , while accurate for its time , is now known to have been inaccurate in many respects , including the lack of feathers .
A number of conventions were held during the 1890s to develop a constitution for the Commonwealth .
The Gambia national football team , nicknamed The Scorpions , is the national team of Gambia and is controlled by the Gambia Football Association .
Year 14 BC was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Because of its early origin , it does not address some Christological issues defined in the later Nicene and other Christian Creeds .
'' Ironic '' became Morissette 's second number-one hit on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart in the U.S. , where it stayed for three weeks .
This separates populations of some of the species in areas with different climates , forcing them to adapt , possibly giving rise to allopatric speciation .
A stirrup is a light frame or ring that holds the foot of a rider , attached to the saddle by a strap , often called a stirrup leather . Stirrups are usually paired and are used to aid in mounting and as a support while using a riding animal ( usually a horse or other equine , such as a mule ) .
The Toronto Symphony Orchestra ( TSO ) is a Canadian orchestra based in Toronto , Ontario .
Renée O'Connor ( born Evelyn Renée O'Connor ; February 15 , 1971 ) is an American actress , producer and director best known for playing the role of Gabrielle on the TV series ' from 1995 to 2001 .
The State of Kharan was an autonomous princely state in India ( later Pakistan ) , located in the southwest of modern Pakistan .
Integrated Services Digital Network ( ISDN ) is a set of communications standards for simultaneous digital transmission of voice , video , data , and other network services over the traditional circuits of the public switched telephone network .
The outer bulb may be clear or coated with a phosphor ; in either case , the outer bulb provides thermal insulation , protection from ultraviolet radiation , and a convenient mounting for the fused quartz arc tube .
olawe
The son of Frederick II , king of Denmark-Norway , and Sofie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , he was born at Frederiksborg castle in 1577 .
Its main base is Melbourne Airport .
King Afonso I of Portugal takes Abrantes from the Moors .
All are set in the world of Earthsea , as are ( to date ) seven short stories by Le Guin , two of which are not collected in any of these books .
Clairmarais is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Garrett , Reginald H. ; Grisham , Charles M. Principles of Biochemistry with a Human Focus .
The film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
Catherine Jinks ( born 1963 ) is an Australian author .
Takeshi Aoki is a Japanese footballer who plays for Japanese club Kashima Antlers .
The Gunnedah Colliery Company was registered in May 1899 and by 22 June a private railway some in length had been completed from the railway station to their mine .
In the Gregorian calendar , it is the 2011th year of the Common Era and the Anno Domini designation ; the 11th year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century ; and the 2nd of the 2010s decade .
Atkinson , Neill , (/O2003/O) , Adventures in Democracy : A History of the Vote in New Zealand , Otago University Press
The film co-stars Bonnie Bedelia ( reprising her role as Holly McClane ) , William Sadler , Art Evans , William Atherton reprising his role as Richard ( Dick ) Thornberg , Franco Nero , Dennis Franz , Fred Thompson , John Amos , and Reginald VelJohnson who makes a cameo as Sgt. Al Powell who was in the first film .
Master Chief is a playable character in the trilogy of science fiction first-person shooter video games ' , Halo 2 , and Halo 3 .
Mauve can also be described as pale violet .
The product was launched on September 5 , 2007 at an event called The Beat Goes On .
At the age of 18 , he set upon his own Army career when he was accepted to West Point .
'' You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' is the first single by German europop duo Modern Talking released off their debut album '' The 1st Album '' .
The others are Dorah Pass from Badakshan in Afghanistan , Lowari Pass from Dir , and Broghol from the Wakhan Corridor in Afghanistan .
The Countess Geschwitz then arrives with the portrait of Lulu which she has brought from Paris .
Takuya Muro is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sagan Tosu .
They are divided into a smaller northern group with six islets , and a larger southern group , separated by a passage wide .
is a Japanese football player who currently playing for Zweigen Kanazawa .
Divion is a commune and in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The 14th Dalai Lama ( religious name : Tenzin Gyatso , shortened from Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso , born Lhamo Dondrub , 6 July 1935 ) is the 14th and current Dalai Lama .
A United States Air Force vessel and a 12 person crew were on the island , and after securing their ship the crew took shelter in a hurricane-proof concrete bunker .
The story of the film revolves around the reclusive , eccentric scientist Oscar Collins ( MacGowran ) , whose next-door neighbors are a pop photographer ( Quarrier ) and his girlfriend\/model ( Birkin ) , named Penny Lane .
Two councillors were elected to represent each of five wards .
The PQ was defeated by the Quebec Liberal Party in the 1985 election .
Jamshoro ( Urdu : ) is a city in Jamshoro District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Balance wheel , a watch component
When the Republic of the Seven United Provinces was declared in 1581 , Drenthe became part of it , although it did not gain provincial status until January 1 , 1796 due to its poverty .
The responsibility of the chief executive officer is to align the company , internally and externally , with their strategic vision .
The four strokes refer to intake , compression , combustion ( power ) , and exhaust strokes that occur during two crankshaft rotations per working cycle of the gasoline engine and diesel engine .
From 1937 to 1968 , the same criterion now observed for winning the Presidents ' Trophy was used to award the Prince of Wales Trophy .
Obsidian is commonly found within the margins of rhyolitic lava flows known as obsidian flows , where the chemical composition ( high silica content ) induces a high viscosity and polymerization degree of the lava .
Her best friend was Melissa Joan Hart , who later was the star of the series Sabrina , the Teenage Witch .
Coffee beans may be ground in several ways .
In health , a disease , such as a heart condition , as in Medical condition .
Night or nighttime is the period of time when the sun is below the horizon .
The hyphen ( ) is a punctuation mark used to join words and to separate syllables of a single word .
Native Command Queuing ( NCQ ) is a technology designed to increase performance of SATA hard disks under certain conditions by allowing the individual hard disk to internally optimize the order in which received read and write commands are executed .
Angoville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Both titles are independent of each other but feature largely the same plot and , while they can be played separately , it is necessary for players to trade among the two in order to obtain all 151 Pokémon .
It is open weekday mornings without charge .
At this time Ipswich were an amateur side ( the team became professional in 1936 ) and the first visit of a professional club came in 1892 , when Preston North End played a Suffolk County Football Association team .
A traditional bento consists of rice , fish or meat , and one or more pickled or cooked vegetables , usually in a box-shaped container .
A knight was a '' gentleman soldier '' or member of the warrior class of the Middle Ages in Europe .
The success of both expanded the console video game market and its demographics , as well as providing a new source of revenue for artists whose music appeared on the soundtracks .
SAPCA Latest News Its aging facilities , however , belie its success in training top Russian tennis players ; Yevgeny Kafelnikov , Marat Safin , Elena Dementieva , Dinara Safina , Anastasia Myskina , and Anna KournikovaKournikova.com - The Official Site of Anna Kournikova are all graduates of Spartak .
A great power until the end of World War I , Hungary lost over 70 % of its territory , along with one third of its population of Hungarian ethnicity , under the Treaty of Trianon , the terms of which have been considered excessively harsh by many in Hungary .
Her second stay at the boarding school was not a happy one ; she became lonely , homesick and deeply attached to Constantin Heger .
Goldie Jeanne Hawn ( born November 21 , 1945 ) is an American actress , film director , producer , and occasional singer .
He is also commemorated by the Lutheran Church on their Calendar of Saints on 24 May - he was a devout Christian ( and believer in biblical inerrancy ) who wrote apologetics and argued forcefully against the prominent atheists of his time .
However , it was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence the change was made to offer the Vezina to the most outstanding goaltender , as voted by the NHL General Managers .
Binomial names must be chosen so that no two organisms have the same name ; this means that scientists can use Leptinotarsa decemlineata to refer to the Colorado potato beetle without ambiguity .
It has brown upperparts and black-spotted cream or buff underparts and has three recognized subspecies .
Nicole was the first named subtropical storm since the policy change to not achieve full tropical cyclone status .
Aguilera first appeared on national television in 1990 as a contestant on the Star Search program , and went on to star in Disney Channel 's television series The Mickey Mouse Club from 1993 - 1994 .
The club was founded 9 September 1897 and played its first season in Allsvenskan in 1924\/25 .
The kick drum , struck with a beater attached to a pedal , is usually seen on drum kits . The third type , the pitched bass drum , is generally used in marching bands and drum corps .
I once was lost , but now am found , Was blind but now I see .
He attended classes at Political Science Faculty of Ankara University , but graduated from the French Language department of Hacettepe University .
Crawford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas .
Since Figaro used to be a servant of the Count , the Count asks him for assistance in helping him meet Rosina , offering him money should he be successful in arranging this .
Tyson was the undisputed heavyweight champion and holds the record as the youngest boxer to win the WBC , WBA and IBF world heavyweight titles .
Pornography , for example , is often censored under this rationale , especially child pornography , which is censored in most jurisdictions in the world .
Several prayers and responses , often chanted .
Disney 's English-language version premiered on October 23 , 2005 ; it then appeared at the 2005 Hollywood Film Festival .
With a population of 208,916 , according to the 2010 Census , Spokane is the second largest city in Washington , and the third largest in the American portion of the Pacific Northwest , behind Seattle , and Portland , Oregon . The City Of Spokane is slightly larger than Boise , Idaho according to the Census data .
Nash County is a member of the regional Upper Coastal Plain Council of Governments .
Carlo Airoldi ( Origgio , 21 September 1869 -- Milan , 18 June 1929 ) was an Italian marathon runner , famous for walking to the 1896 Olympics .
The name '' Hadean '' derives from Hades , Greek for '' Underworld '' , referring to the conditions on Earth at the time .
Their sound derives its influences from old school hip hop and other Hip Hop such as The Pharcyde , De La Soul , Public Enemy , Jurassic 5 , the Beastie Boys , DJ Premier , Leaders of the New School .
In Japan , a 20 kilometer stone wall defending the coast of Hakata Bay in Fukuoka is completed ; it is built in response to the attempted invasion by the Yuan Dynasty in 1274 .
Neuwied ( ) is a town in the north of the German state Rhineland-Palatinate , capital of the District of Neuwied .
That is , image sizes on Wikipedia needed to be given in the form '' 40px '' , not '' 40 '' or '' 40pxpx '' .
Luna Sea is a Japanese rock band .
The evolution usually starts from a population of randomly generated individuals and happens in generations .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were yet to be invented .
April 22 , 2008 I Decided ( April 22 , 2008 ) .
Many people are born or develop other problems focusing , and require eyeglasses ( or contact lenses ) to fix the problem .
The Trojans launch a surprise attack .
Their factory in Trafford Park , Manchester , was for most of the 20th century one of the biggest and most important heavy engineering facilities in Britain and the world .
He failed to slow down at the scene of an accident at Monaco , despite the presence of warning flags , and struck and seriously injured a marshal .
Since animals do not put explicit prices on ecosystems they use , but do behave as if they are valuable , e.g. by selecting one territory vs. another , defending their territories , etc , it is mostly a matter of definition whether ecology should include valuation as an issue .
Combat , or fighting , is purposeful violent conflict intended to establish dominance over the opposition .
Wills was born in 1835 near Gundagai , New South Wales to parents Horatio and Elizabeth , first of their nine children .
He has been nominated for an Academy Award and has won three Golden Globe Awards .
Career Born in Forest , Mississippi and living and working in throughout the South and Midwest as a migrant worker for a time , he and his family returned to Mississippi in 1926 .
Two former CSEC employees , Bill Sheahan ( CSEC Client Relations Officer ) and Pierre LaCompte ( CSEC Liaison Officer ) , have since testified that no CSEC report was ever produced .
Between US 9 and NY 9G , NY 308 carries an average of about 6,400 vehicles per day .
Though veal can be produced from a calf of either sex and any breed , most veal comes from male calves of dairy cattle breeds .
Optional subsequent parameters ( up to 4 ) are additional search terms .
Overall Classification ( 1986 , 1989 , 1990 )
Until September 1999 WWF Raw broadcast live every other week to save costs , but ratings and pay-per-view buy-rate increased , allowing them to justify doing a weekly live show .
Quango or qango is an acronym ( variously spelt out as quasi non-governmental organization , quasi-autonomous non-governmental organization , and quasi-autonomous national government organization ) used notably in the United Kingdom , Ireland and elsewhere to label an organization to which government has devolved power . In the United Kingdom the official term is '' non-departmental public body '' or NDPB .
Initially the sets were classified as Classes 253 and 254 .
Microsoft Nixes Private Azure Clouds Roles Provider A cloud computing provider or cloud computing service provider owns and operates live cloud computing systems to deliver service to third parties .
Linthal is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
The count-bishops then struggled to defend their area against the dukes of Savoy , so that the medieval history of the Valais is inextricably linked with that of the diocese of Sion .
Historically wire rope evolved from steel chains which had a record of mechanical failure .
Other chamber music includes two piano quintets , two cello sonatas , two violin sonatas , a string quartet and a number of piano pieces including the Nocturnes .
The ticketing system uses the EZ-Link and NETS FlashPay contactless smart cards based upon the Symphony for e-Payment ( SeP ) system for public transit built on the Singapore Standard for Contactless ePurse Application ( CEPAS ) system .
His first attempt , for the 1805 premiere , is believed to have been the overture now known as '' Leonore No. 2 '' .
Vector spaces , including infinite-dimensional ones , then became a firmly established notion , and many mathematical branches started making use of this concept .
The Hund 's rule was named after him and in 1926 he discovered the so-called tunnel effect or quantum tunnelling .
In June 2002 , the Tree Council has designated The Major Oak one of fifty Great British Trees in recognition of its place in the national heritage .
Steeping or weltering may mean : Soaking in liquid until saturated with a soluble ingredient .
Rambova , Mathis , Ivano , and Valentino began work on the Alla Nazimova film Camille .
However , the group was renamed '' Greeeen '' in 2004 when 92 and Soh joined the group .
They do not dare let Rosa contact Neville and Helena directly for fear that Jasper may be watching Neville , but Mr. Tartar allows Rosa to visit his chambers in order to contact Helena above the courtyard .
The British Rail Class 60 is a class of Co-Co heavy freight diesel-electric locomotives built by Brush Traction .
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the sixth book in the Harry Potter series .
Ottokar , Count of Steyr , becomes Margrave of the Karantanian March , later known as Styria .
Louvers originated in the Middle Ages as lantern-like constructions in wood that were fitted on top of roof holes in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow .
kerfeldt had trouble putting together new material : '' I wanted to write something heavier than we 'd ever done , still I had all these great mellow parts and arrangements which I did n't want to go to waste . ''
Leipzig ( German : , ) is , with a population of over 513,082 , www.statistik.sachsen.de the largest city in the federal state of Saxony , Germany .
Russell Dean Lissack ( born 11 March 1981 in Chingford , England ) is an English musician best known as the lead guitarist of London based indie rock band , Bloc Party .
Bersirc is an open source Internet Relay Chat client for the Microsoft Windows operating system ( Linux and Mac OS X operating systems are in development ) .
A widespread endemic disease that is stable in terms of how many people are getting sick from it is not a pandemic .
Boston currently has the second highest total of Stanley Cup championships won by an American team at five , with the Detroit Red Wings winning 11 .
In 1865-1868 the tower and spire were completely rebuilt and the two transepts added and lesser alterations have been made since .
Tobacco had already long been used in the Americas when European settlers arrived and introduced the practice to Europe , where it became popular .
Suffolk.edu .
The heating oil futures contract trades in units of 42,000 U.S. gallons ( 1,000 barrels ) and ( for the USA ) is based on delivery in the New York harbor .
It is also used of a split within a non-religious organization or movement or , more broadly , of a separation between two or more people , be it brothers , friends , lovers , etc./O.
New Standard Encyclopedia , 1992 by Standard Educational Corporation , Chicago , Illinois ; page B-262c
Before they could secure Jigsaw 's arrest , however , Sing was killed by a booby trap , and Jigsaw escaped after slashing Tapp 's throat .
He is depicted as a portly plumber who lives in the fictional land of Mushroom Kingdom with Luigi , the younger , taller brother , who is also a plumber .
The roads were all paved , to permit even heavy freight-wagons to be used in all seasons and weather .
Adolph Frederick Rupp ( September 2 , 1901 -- December 10 , 1977 ) was one of the most successful coaches in the history of American college basketball .
The Salian Franks were one of two Frankish tribes who were then occupying the area west of the lower Rhine , with their center in an area known as Toxandria , between the Meuse and Scheldt .
Ivan dropped heavy rains on the Southeastern United States as it progressed northeast and east through the eastern United States , becoming an extratropical cyclone .
The pro cycling team was founded in the beginning of 2006 , taking over the UCI-ProTour-license of Team Domina Vacanze .
Audio files of lectures for each page from an Orthodox viewpoint are provided in French , English , Yiddish and Hebrew .
Bloc Party are a British rock band , composed of Kele Okereke ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Russell Lissack ( lead guitar ) , Gordon Moakes ( bass guitar , synths , backing vocals , glockenspiel ) , and Matt Tong ( drums , backing vocals ) .
For other uses , see Hartley ( disambiguation ) .
Family Guy is an animated television sitcom , created by Seth MacFarlane , that airs on Fox and regularly on other television networks in syndication .
The album title is a reference to the band 's original name , '' Polar Bear '' , which was changed early on to '' Snow Patrol '' , due to an American band also named Polar Bear , who took exception .
The city centre is west of the River Hull and close to the Humber .
Isle-Saint-Georges is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Many modern personal computers do not have a serial port since this legacy port has been superseded for most uses .
The Wright brothers ' December 17 , 1903 flight is recognized by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale , the standard setting and record-keeping body for aeronautics and astronautics , as '' the first sustained and controlled heavier-than-air powered flight '' .
At , Russia is , in area , the largest country in the world , covering more than an eighth of the Earth 's land area ; with 142 million people , it is the ninth largest by population .
Roald Amundsen and the 1925 North Pole ExpeditionRoald Amundsen He is known as the first to traverse the Northwest Passage .
My Kazakhstan ( ) is the current national anthem of Kazakhstan , adopted on January 7 , 2006 .
The reports claim that the percentage of nuclear-generated electricity in the overall global energy mix is decreasing .
A chorale was originally a hymn sung by a Christian congregation .
She made regular appearances as a style advisor on The Oprah Winfrey Show and following her success on the shows , she went on to co-host Trinny & Susannah Undress ... on ITV in 2006 and Undress the Nation in 2007 .
In Switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .
Claudio Abbado , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRIquirinale .
The family includes approximately 350 languages ; Burmese has the most speakers ( approximately 32 million ) , assuming the exclusion of Chinese .
Both were subsequently elected and Sturgeon led the SNP in the Scottish Parliament from 2004-2007 until Salmond was elected back to the Scottish Parliament in the 2007 election .
Generally speaking , more cache means more performance , thanks to reduced stalling .
The unit symbol '' KB '' is a commonly used abbreviation for '' kilobyte '' but is often confused with the use of '' kb '' to mean '' kilobit '' .
On his debut at the , he qualified fourth and finished third in the race , becoming the thirteenth driver to finish on the podium in his first F1 career race ( excluding those in the first ever World Championship round ) .
The main towns are Philipsburg ( Dutch side ) and Marigot ( French side ) .
The story was slightly revised when republished in the August 23 , 1845 , edition of the Broadway Journal .
Vaubadon is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Blogcritics.org ( January 22 , 2004 ) (/O2006/O) .
Wild Cotton may refer to :
The population is about 70 % Roman Catholic .
This article refers to the British conductor Daniel Harding .
The album is the first Joker 's Card in the group 's Dark Carnival mythology .
Leaving , Bond encounters Tilly as she is about to make a second attempt on Goldfinger 's life , but they accidentally trip an alarm .
Dearly Devoted Dexter (/O2005/O) is a crime\/horror novel by Jeff Lindsay , the second in his series about psychopathic vigilante Dexter Morgan , which has been adapted into a television series .
Hollerado is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2007 and originally from Manotick , Ontario , Canada .
However , after two deaths and several cases of lead poisoning at the TEL prototype plant in Dayton , Ohio , the staff at Dayton was said in 1924 to be '' depressed to the point of considering giving up the whole tetraethyl lead program . ''
Perdiccas III 365-359 BCE
The McIntosh was also reportedly the source of the name of the Macintosh computer .
He feuded with Ric Flair and the Four Horsemen during 1996 after Guerrero 's partner Arn Anderson turned on him during a tag team match against Ric Flair and Randy Savage .
He has since worked as a musician , bestselling author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most recently as the '' Negotiator '' for the Priceline.com travel website .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
Administration The Union Council is administratively divided into Dhaki Khaiter , Namli Maira , Noormang , and Panghora areasDistrict Profile : Abbottabad , Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority .
Christiaan , with the help of his brother Constantijn Huygens , Jr. , began building telescopes around 1650 .
Walter Junior Jones ( born January 19 , 1974 in ) is an American football offensive tackle for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League .
Jeolla province is particularly famous for serving many different varieties of banchan in a single meal .
Gearing up for the release of his 2007 sophomore effort Special Occasion , Valentino released the album 's first single titled '' Turn the Page '' with mixed reviews .
Her albums have sold over 10.5 million copies in the United States .
Bugs traps Smoke in a trash can and uses a time machine ( which he borrowed from '' some coyote '' ) to see when and how Michael 's addiction was started . It was discovered that rather than wanting to get started on drugs , he was bullied into doing it by his '' friends '' .
In humans , a parent is the mother or the father figure of a child ( NOTE : '' child '' refers to offspring , not necessarily age ) .
At any given time , there are well over 50,000 highly significant articles , so just visit some minor articles first , until those difficult users have lost interest in following .
All are set in the world of Earthsea , as are ( to date ) seven short stories by Le Guin , two of which are not collected in any of these books .
Dirty Harry is a 1971 American crime thriller produced and directed by Don Siegel , the first in the Dirty Harry series .
Convicts were transported to Australia in 1788 from the very start of European settlement and were used as labourers in five out of the six major colonies .
Ruminating mammals include cattle , goats , sheep , giraffes , bison , yaks , water buffalo , deer , camels , alpacas , llamas , wildebeest , antelope , pronghorn , and nilgai .
Apatosaurus louisae was named by William Holland in 1915 in honor of Mrs. Louise Carnegie , wife of Andrew Carnegie who funded field research to find complete dinosaur skeletons in the American West .
Bouton is a city in Dallas County , Iowa , United States .
The London School of Economics and Political Science , more commonly referred to as The London School of Economics or LSE , is a specialist constituent college of the University of London in London , England .
The duo later changed their image and style with the release of Sea of Love in 2002 .
When the branch to Rotkreuzplatz was opened , it became a separate line .
Walther von der Vogelweide ( c. 1170 - c. 1230 ) is the most celebrated of the Middle High German lyric poets .
The palace stands at the bottom of the Royal Mile in Edinburgh , at the opposite end to Edinburgh Castle .
Ateneo de Manila University official website The University began in 1859 when the City of Manila turned over the Escuela Municipal de Manila , a public primary school in Intramuros , to Spanish Jesuits .
Release Aulaad was released on August 3 or August 10 , 1962 on Pakistani cinemas and proved to be one of the greatest hit of 1962 .
Afonso IOr also Affonso ( Archaic Portuguese-Galician ) or Alphonso ( Portuguese-Galician ) or Alphonsus ( Latin version ) , sometimes rendered in English as Alphonzo or Alphonse , depending on the Spanish or French influence .
In 1969 , during the Alfortville Congress , the SFIO was replaced by the Socialist Party ( Parti socialiste or PS ) .
In the International System of Units ( SI ) , the unit of speed or velocity is m\/s .
On September 22 , 2006 , Friday Night SmackDown !
It is also responsible for observation and warning of earthquakes , tsunamis , and volcanic eruptions .
Heinz Gerstinger ( b. October 13 , 1919 in Vienna ) is an Austrian writer , playwright and historian .
The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events will be held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province , while the indoor events will be in the Vancouver area .
It is among the smallest known non-avian theropods , with the holotype specimen measuring only 68 c in length , including the tail .
It was addressed to Ayaan Hirsi Ali and called for a jihad against kafir ( kafir is an Arabic word for unbeliever ) against America , Europe , the Netherlands , and Hirsi Ali herself .
The following are often served alongside ramen in ramen establishments .
With the introduction of the World Heavyweight Championship on the Raw brand after the WWE Championship was moved to the SmackDown !
The storm claimed nineteen lives and caused a total of 312 million ( $ 364 million 2005 US dollars ) damage throughout the archipelago .
Moyenneville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Statistics of Austrian first league in the 1930/1931 season .
Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales , Australia , located on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong .
Eisenstein 's pedagogy , like his films , were politically charged and contained quotes from Vladimir Lenin interwoven with his teaching .
Guinea ( , officially the Republic of Guinea ) , is a country in West Africa .
Breny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
This possibility kept the asteroid at Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006 , when the probability that Apophis will pass through the keyhole was determined to be very small .
Canteleux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
'' New Friend Request '' ( SK1 Ferrer Remix ) ( featuring Papoose ) & ndash ; 4:15
The territory of the South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate .
The Phra Buddha Chinnarat Fair is held each January at Wat Phra Sri Rattana Mahatat Woramahawihan .
The Wii Balance Board is a balance board accessory for the Nintendo Wii video game console .
Accessed February 4 , 2008 .
Der Spiegel ( , '' The Mirror '' ) is a German weekly magazine , published in Hamburg .
There are two main styles of pocket watch , the hunter-case pocket watch , and the open-face pocket watch .
Sky Sports is the dominant subscription television sports brand in the United Kingdom and Ireland .
The following groups of snakes can be aggressive and inflict dangerous , even potentially lethal bites : Family Description Atractaspididae ( atractaspidids ) Burrowing asps , mole vipers , stiletto snakes .
This transformation may be accomplished in a number of different ways , including radioactive decay , either by emission of particles ( usually electrons ( beta decay ) , positrons or alpha particles ) or by spontaneous fission , and electron capture .
Amita Marie Young ( born Su Min Ta Marie Young , , December 14 , 1980 ) , better known under her stage name Tata Young , is a Thai singer , model actress and dancer .
Gordini worked with Renault as an engine tuner and finally sold his firm to Renault which entered Renault-Gordini cars at the 24 Hours of Le Mans from 1962 until 1969 .
Brighton Seminole Indian Reservation , Florida
Saint David , the patron saint of Wales
Two years after its creation , it was reorganized in 1816 by order of the Congress of Vienna .
Teruyuki Kato , a seismologist at the University of Tokyo , said that the seismic waves of the quake traveled a long distance without losing their power because of the firmness of the terrain in central China .
Saludos Amigos was popular enough that Walt Disney decided to make another film about Latin America , The Three Caballeros , to be produced two years later .
Sellapan RamanathanYap , Sonny ; Lim , Richard ; Leong , Weng Kam (/O2009/O) .
'' Love Buzz '' and '' Big Cheese '' , however , were recorded from June to September 1988 at at Reciprocal Studios .
Gonnehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He got his degree of secondary education in the area of Philosophy in 1929 .
Pir Sultan Abdal reflected the social , cultural and religious life of the people ; he was a humanist , and wrote about resistance , love , peace , death and God .
In addition to being Benin 's largest city , it houses many of its government and diplomatic services ; thus , it is Benin 's de facto capital , even though the official capital is Porto-Novo .
In the Commedia dell ` arte it was an outline of entrances , exits , and action describing the plot of a play that was literally pinned to the back of the scenery .
It was released in the United Kingdom by Wichita Recordings on 18 July 2005 and reached number 18 in the UK Singles Chart .
It represents the quantity which passes through the surface '' .
Robert Mulligan ( August 23 , 1925 -- December 20 , 2008 ) was an American film and television director .
The episode focuses upon a thirteen year old girl , Maria Jackson , discovering the existence of aliens .
The 2009 edition was known as The Bash .
Reconstruction began almost immediately , and President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817 .
Alan Smith ( born 28 October 1980 ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Newcastle United .
Although most composers prefer to use the enharmonic equivalent D-flat major because it has just five flats as opposed to the seven sharps of C-sharp major , Johann Sebastian Bach actually chose C-sharp major for Prelude and Fugue No. 3 in both books of the Well-Tempered Clavier .
It is the second Castlevania title released for the NES , following the original Castlevania .
Spithead and Nore mutinies were two major mutinies by sailors of the British Royal Navy in 1797 .
Dimmed her children 's toil and rest .
The population of Quinto ( ) was 1,055 .
The King had to share power with the elected Legislative Assembly , but he still retained his royal veto and the ability to select ministers .
To demonstrate that you are not presenting original research , you must cite reliable sources that are directly related to the topic of the article , and that directly support the information as it is presented .
The School enjoys a national reputation and has been positively evaluated by the Center for the Study of Educational Alternatives at Hofstra University .
Sock puppets can be made from socks or stockings of any color .
The second verse is a reference to the United Kingdom , and particularly to the sacrifice of those who died during the First World War .
Whitney Elizabeth Houston ( born August 9 , 1963 ) is an American recording artist , actress , and former fashion model .
Abbas resigned as prime minister in October 2003 , citing lack of support from Israel and the United States as well as '' internal incitement '' against his government .
The game was originally developed in 1971 by Merle Robbins .
It has been a juncture between the Latin and Greek bodies of the Roman Empire , the destination of a massive influx of pagan Slavs , an area where Orthodox and Catholic Christianity met , as well as the meeting point between Islam and Christianity .
The remains of two hijackers , potentially from Flight 11 , were also identified and removed from Memorial Park in Manhattan .
It is also revealed that Snape did not murder Dumbledore , but carried out Dumbledore 's prearranged plan .
Wizardry is a series of computer role-playing games , developed by Sir-Tech , that were popular in the 1980s .
Sometimes also referred to as '' half-height '' turnstiles , this fixed arm style has traditionally been the most popular type of turnstile .
There were other crusades against Islamic forces in southern Spain , southern Italy , and Sicily , as well as the campaigns of Teutonic knights against pagan strongholds in Northeastern Europe ( see Northern Crusades ) .
Wigan Warriors and Wigan Athletic moved into the ground on its completion from their old homes , Central Park and Springfield Park respectively . Wigan Warriors compete in the Super League and Wigan Athletic play in the Premier League .
The Journal of American Folklore 85.335 ( 1972 ) : 58-65 .
The Fire Brigades Union ( FBU ) is a trade union in the United Kingdom for wholetime Firefighters ( including Officers up to Chief Fire Officer\/Firemaster ) , Retained Duty System ( RDS -- part time ) and Emergency Control Room staff .
Clippers sailed all over the world , primarily on the trade routes between the United Kingdom and its colonies in the east , in trans-Atlantic trade , and the New York-to-San Francisco route round Cape Horn during the California Gold Rush .
Cough , though its efficacy in low dose over the counter formulations has been disputed .
'' Friend Like That '' Acoustic -- 2:49
In the case of royalty , the mummy was usually placed inside a series of nested coffins , the outermost of which was a stone sarcophagus .
Fairbury is a city in Livingston County , Illinois , United States .
After the challenge , Shandi , who had complained about the heat of the room , collapsed due to exhaustion , causing the other girls to exert concern and aid in order to remedy the situation .
The Bastille ( ) was a fortress-prison in Paris , known formally as Bastille Saint-Antoine -- Number 232 , Rue Saint-Antoine -- best known today because of the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 , which along with the Tennis Court Oath is considered the beginning of the French Revolution .
Mate .
Atletico Piombino is an Italian association football club located in Piombino , Tuscany .
This order carried the threat of a maximum $ 10,000 fine and a maximum of ten years in prison for anyone who kept more than $ 100 of gold in preference to banknotes .
Amos was the first biblical prophet whose words were recorded in a book , an older contemporary of Hosea and Isaiah .
As historian Norman Davies stated , because the balance of power equilibrium was observed , many contemporary observers accepted explanations of the '' enlightened apologists '' of the partitioning state .
The London Borough of Bromley is a London borough of south east London , England and forms part of Outer London .
Erich von Tschermak-Seysenegg ( 15 November 1871 11 October 1962 ) was an Austrian agronomist .
Grand-Corent is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Sunday in the Park with George -- Book by James Lapine , music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim .
Logan Lerman is Percy Jackson and Brandon T. Jackson is Grover Underwood , the satyr .
A cheeseburger may have more than one hamburger patty and more than one slice of cheese .
Survivor 's Law II ( Traditional Chinese : ) is a 20-episode TVB drama broadcast between December 2007 and January and January 2008 .
The second dorsal fin is smaller than the first .
When Miller 's contract expired at the end of that season , he transferred to Celtic for free under the Bosman ruling .
Belaying refers to a variety of techniques used in climbing to exert friction on a climbing rope so that a falling climber does not fall very far .
pushpin_map = Romania
History Early years The club was formed in 1892 as BFC Hertha 92 , taking its name from a steamship with a blue and white smokestack .
Like 70 Panopaea it orbits within the Eunomia asteroid family but it is not related to the shattered parent body .
Notable people Stonehaven was the birthplace of Robert William Thomson , inventor of the pneumatic tyre and the fountain pen , of journalist James Murdoch and Lord Reith of Stonehaven , first Director-General of the BBC .
It is generally agreed though that non-pterodactyloid pterosaurs had a broader uro\/cruropatagium , with pterodactyloids only having membranes running along the legs ; Pteranodon in particular might have developed\/redeveloped an uropatagium , given the structure of the tail .
Hadrosaurus foulkii is the only species in this genus and has been the official state dinosaur of New Jersey , United States since 1991 .
This process is called mounting a file system .
In 1973 Ayers co-authored the book Prairie Fire with other members of the Weather Underground which they dedicated to close to 200 people including Harriet Tubman , John Brown , ` All Who Continue to Fight ' , and ` All Political Prisoners in the U.S. ' . The list includes Sirhan Sirhan , convicted assassin of Robert F. Kennedy .
Situated between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge , it forms the western end of the Pool of London .
Implicitly , what was not given was necessarily retained by the states as the exception that proves the rule .
The common name mussel is used for members of several families of clams or bivalve molluscs , from saltwater and freshwater habitats .
Where text is visible in a document , people tend to focus on the textual content rather than upon overall presentation , so publishers use lorem ipsum when displaying a typeface or design elements and page layout in order to direct the focus to the publication style and not the meaning of the text .
Pavarotti 's performance was heavily criticized by some observers and booed by parts of the audience .
In fact , the Olmec civilization was first defined through artifacts purchased on the pre-Columbian art market in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Allentown 's climate is considered to fall in the humid continental climate zone .
Caligula 's campaign into Germany is stopped by a conspiracy led by Cassius Chaerea .
A singer-songwriter and record producer , she is recognized as a definitive interpreter of songs .
After Alexander 's death in 323 BC , his generals divided up the territory he had conquered .
ILO asks Myanmar to declare forced labour banned According to the International Labor Organization ( ILO ) , an estimated 800,000 people are subject to forced labour in Myanmar .
Tin itself is not toxic but most tin salts are .
Such conspiracy theories alleged that Salisbury had either actually invented the plot or allowed it to continue when his agents had already infiltrated it , for the purposes of propaganda .
The University of Mississippi , also known as Ole Miss , is a public , coeducational research university located in Oxford , Mississippi .
Alyson Rae Stoner ( born August 11 , 1993 ) is an American teen actress , dancer , singer and former model .
Virginia Beach is the easternmost city of Hampton Roads that make up the core of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA .
By local tradition , this commemorates the date the news of the St. Bartholomew 's Day massacre of Huguenots reached Geneva .
Batman is a 1960s American television series , based on the DC comic book character of the same name , which starred Adam West and Burt Ward , as two crime-fighting heroes who defended '' Gotham City '' .
Kim Geun-Cheol ( born June 24 , 1983 ) is South Korean footballer who plays for Busan I ` Park , member of K-league .
So efficient energy use is achieved primarily by means of a more efficient technology or process rather than by changes in invidual behavior .
Like the DRA coat of arms , this coat prominently featured Mount Ararat along with the Soviet hammer and sickle and red star behind it .
A potential Earth impactor , it is believed to be larger than the impactor that created Chicxulub Crater that led to the extinction of the dinosaurs .
The Texaco Cup was an association football competition involving clubs from England , Ireland and Scotland that had not qualified for European competitions .
Earthborn ( 1995 ) is the concluding fifth book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card .
Fluids such as wind and water , as well as sediment gravity flows , transport previously eroded sediment , which , at the loss of enough kinetic energy in the fluid , is deposited , building up layers of sediment .
Postgate married Prudence Myers in 1957 , becoming stepfather to her three children ( Kevan , Kerris and Krispian ) . The couple had twins in 1959 ( Stephen and Simon ) ; and another son in 1964 ( Daniel ) .
In French , it is also known by its brand names , notably , Melior , from an old brand of this type .
On '' Black Monday '' ( 8 February 1886 ) , protesters rallied against unemployment ; this led to a riot in Pall Mall .
They then move on to secondary school ( also known as high school ) for ` year seven ' ( ` year eight ' in Western Australia , South Australia and Queensland ) through to ` year twelve ' .
'' If a part of the measure that is usually unstressed is accented , the rhythm is considered to be syncopated .
After years of relative dormancy , the effect was revived in the mid-2000s by R&B singer T-Pain , who elaborated on the effect in contemporary popular music by making active use of Auto-Tune in his songs .
Greg '' Greggles '' Scott ( born 6 March , 1969 in Macclesfield , Cheshire ) is an English television presenter .
One kilobit per second ( kbit/s or kb/s or kbps ) as used in this article means 1000 bits per second and not 1024 bits per second .
Dury is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Monocyte is a type of white blood cell and is part of the human body 's immune system . Monocytes play multiple roles in immune function .
Kim qualified for the 2007 - 2008 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final in Turin , Italy .
The upper side of the wings is black with one row of red crescents along the hind wing margin .
The Frisians are an ethnic group of the Germanic people living in coastal parts of The Netherlands , Denmark and Germany .
These provide structure for the other pieces to fit into and rotate around .
The line '' I 'd love to turn you on '' , which concludes both verse sections , was , according to Lennon , also contributed by McCartney ; Lennon said '' I had the bulk of the song and the words , but he contributed this little lick floating around in his head that he could n't use for anything . ''
It has staged several other sporting events , including athletics meetings and international hockey matches .
Year 1337 was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Bart and Lisa investigate , convinced that Krusty has been framed .
In modern molecular biology and genetics , the genome is the entirety of an organism 's hereditary information . It is encoded either in DNA or , for many types of virus , in RNA .
Glendale Community College , Glendale
Pieter Egge Huistra ( born 18 January 1967 ) is a Dutch football coach and former winger , currently serving as manager of FC Groningen .
Kelly , dressed in home-made plate metal armor and helmet , was captured and sent to jail .
Fenianos , E. (/O2003/O) Almanaque Kur ` yt ` yba , Curitiba : Univer Cidade , p. 6 The other version , also from the Tupi language , comes from the combination of kurit ( pine tree ) and yba ( large amount ) .
The Commodore 64 Games System ( often abbreviated C64GS ) was the cartridge-based game console version of the popular Commodore 64 home computer .
Examples for casseroles that can be prepared in this manner are tuna casserole ( with canned tuna , cooked pasta , sometimes peas , and cream-of-mushroom soup ) and green bean casserole ( green beans with cream of mushroom soup , topped with french fried onions ) .
A welfare state is a concept of government where the state plays a key role in the protection and promotion of the economic and social well-being of its citizens .
The name Mure may refer to :
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
He was styled as the Duke of Savoy from birth till he succeeded to his fathers throne .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1975/1976 season was contested by 18 teams .
The season also included 14 races that were open to Formula One cars but did not count towards the championship standings .
Temujin is proclaimed Genghis Khan of the Mongol people , founding the Mongol Empire
This development led to the discovery of fullerenes in 1985 and carbon nanotubes a few years later .
Consequently the victim is faced with physical challenges , which require long term surgical treatment , as well as psychological challenges , which require in-depth intervention from psychologists and counsellors at each stage of physical recovery .
All of the toys are quickly enamored of their new home , leaving steadfast Woody alone to attempt to return to Andy .
Speakers of Khowar have also migrated heavily to Pakistan 's major urban centres with Islamabad , Lahore and Karachi , having sizeable populations .
Once the bonds are broken , hair is prevented from holding its original , natural form , though the hydrogen bonds can re-form if exposed to moisture .
Dougie Arnott , a former striker for Motherwell F.C. currently resides in Carluke .
The Cholas ' navy conquered the South Asian kingdom of Sri Vijaya in Sumatra and continued as far as Thailand and Burma .
In winter camps they lived in snow shelters called igloos .
Obsidian is mineral-like , but not a true mineral because as a glass it is not crystalline ; in addition , its composition is too complex to comprise a single mineral .
Lent is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A spring may be the result of karst topography where surface water has infiltrated the Earth 's surface ( recharge area ) , becoming part of the area groundwater .
Produced entirely by West , The College Dropout features musical contributions from Jay-Z , John Legend , Ervin '' EP '' Pope , Miri Ben-Ari , Syleena Johnson , and Ken Lewis .
Damavand County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
The sequence of events is divided into phases , corresponding to the completion of one set of activities and the start of the next .
There are plans to hold the festival annually .
Fox announced in October 2009 that it would not be airing any episodes of Dollhouse during November sweeps , and that the series would return in December , airing episodes back-to-back instead .
Nazism is often considered by scholars to be a form of fascism .
S. Shlifstein .
Pyrolysis is a special case of thermolysis , and is most commonly used for organic materials , being , therefore , one of the processes involved in charring .
The South Pole , also known as the Geographic South Pole or Terrestrial South Pole , is one of the two points where the Earth 's axis of rotation intersects its surface . It is the southernmost point on the surface of the Earth and lies on the opposite side of the Earth from the North Pole .
The remixed version appears on the group 's rarities album , Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2 . Hokus Pokus ( Headhunta ' z Edit ) 2 .
Bunninadden
The municipality lies at the entrance to the Blenio valley , 19 km north of Bellinzona , on the banks of the Brenno .
Kelly has performed solo and led numerous groups including Paul Kelly and the Dots , Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls and Paul Kelly and the Messengers ; he has been a member of associated projects Professor Ratbaggy and Stardust Five and performed with other artists and groups .
The Chiffons was an all girl group originating from the Bronx area of New York in 1960 .
The first 1 m stretch of the Klamath River is known as the Link River . Not long after , however , the river is impounded in a 18 m-long reservoir near Klamath Falls , Lake Ewauna , where it receives the Lost River and passes the nearly-dry bed of Lower Klamath Lake .
PNG
In addition to four male and two female members elected directly , there are two male and two female representatives of the labour , a minority member , a union nazim and his deputy known as union naib nazim .
All members of the group are now deceased ( the latest being Ollie Johnston , who died in 2008 ) .
Relevant is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The DC-10 's similarity to the L-1011 in terms of passenger capacity and launch in the same timeframe resulted in a head to head sales competition which affected profitability of the aircraft .
Forty-four percent of Brooklyn 's employed population , or 410,000 people , work in the borough ; more than half of the borough 's residents work outside its boundaries .
Early life The youngest of six musical children , Fuchs was born and raised in Wildwood , Florida , a small rural town , daughter of Sandy and Don Fuchs .
Mary Tudor ( 18 March 1496 & ndash ; 25 June 1533 ) was the younger sister of King Henry VIII of England and queen consort of France through her marriage to Louis XII .
They have been referred to as Germany 's most successful pop duo , and have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
Hazaragi ( - Haz rag ) is a language related to Persian spoken by the Hazara people of Afghanistan , Iran and Pakistan .
A game is a structured , usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool .
The Florida Panthers are a professional ice hockey team based in Sunrise , Florida , in the Miami metropolitan area .
'' The Knight in the Panther 's Skin '' has been translated into many languages .
In the far west of the National Park , the gibber plains are replaced by sandhills of the Strzelecki Desert .
The name ` Ampthill ' is of Anglo-Saxon origin . The first settlement was called ` Aemethyll ' , which literally means either ` ant-heap ' or ` ant infested hill ' .
The larvae are free-living , but little else is known of their reproductive process .
A fellow diver photographed Watson by chance while taking a picture of another diver on holiday .
Geographically , the Marianas are the northernmost islands of a larger island group called Micronesia , situated between 13 and 21 N latitude and 144 and 146 E longitude .
For a simple compressible system such as an ideal gas inside a piston , the changes in enthalpy and internal energy can be related to the heat capacity at constant pressure and volume , respectively .
; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O9/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
Monophysitism ( from the Greek monos meaning ` one , alone ' and physis meaning ` nature ' ) , or Monophysiticism , is the Christological position that Christ has only one nature , his humanity being absorbed by his Deity , as opposed to the Chalcedonian position which holds that Christ maintains two natures , one divine and one human .
Extreme metal is a loosely defined umbrella term for a number of related heavy metal subgenres that have developed since the early 1980s .
Couto has played in a number of top clubs in Portugal , Spain , and Italy and he has won the national league title of each country , as well as the European UEFA Cup and UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup trophies .
Freckles are clusters of concentrated melanin which are most often visible on people with a fair complexion .
Events For over 400 years the youth celebration is the largest event in Lenzburg , taking place every year on the second Friday of July .
The death of Queen Victoria in January 1901 and the succession of her son , Edward , marked the start of a new century and the end of the Victorian period .
Jean Merilyn Simmons , OBE ( January 31 , 1929 - January 22 , 2010 ) was an English actress .
The most common bowling is ten pin bowling .
Tajwal is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Tsuneyasu Miyamoto is a Japanese soccer player .
On May 6 , 2004 , Super Girl was introduced to a national audience by its producer Liao Ke through Hunan Satellite Television .
The Friendship left Port Jackson on 14 July 1788 in company with Alexander . The crews of both ships were so badly affected by scurvy off the coast of Borneo that enough healthy sailors remained for only one working ship , and the Friendship was deliberately sunk ( scuttled ) on the 28th of October 1788 .
The film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes shows that 40 % of critics gave the film a positive review based upon reviews by 165 critics .
Pont-Saint-Mard is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Damage caused by the earthquake included 2,416 deaths ( including missing people ) , 11,443 severely wounded , with 44,338 houses completely destroyed , 41,336 houses severely damaged , and a total of NT$ 300 billion ( US$ 9.2 billion ) worth of damage .
Gene Simmons - bass guitar ; rhythm guitar on '' Any Way You Slice It '' and '' Trial by Fire '' ; lead vocals
The Psycho-Social , Chemical , Biological & Electro-Magnetic Manipulation of Human Consciousness ( often abbreviated as The Psycho-Social CD ) is the debut album of underground hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks .
An unsafe abortion is the termination of an unintended pregnancy by persons lacking the necessary skills , or in an environment lacking the minimal medical standards , or both .
Other sports with significant support are swimming , athletics , golf , boxing , tennis and netball .
They subsequently studied with the Alban Berg Quartet at Cologne .
Virginia Beach is the easternmost city of Hampton Roads that make up the core of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA .
The club was founded in Kansas City , Missouri as the Kansas City Scouts in 1974 , moved to Denver , Colorado as the Colorado Rockies after only two seasons , and then settled in New Jersey in 1982 .
Cape Race is a point of land located at the southeastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula on the island of Newfoundland , Canada .
Her parents , Thomas and Alice Sullivan , were impoverished cooks who left Ireland in 1847 during the Potato Famine .
Wilde 's counsel , Sir Edward Clarke , was finally able to agree bail .
Eldrick Tont '' Tiger '' Woods ( born December 30 , 1975 ) Divorce decree August 23 , 2010 is an American professional golfer whose achievements to date rank him among the most successful golfers of all time .
Although he was born in Singapore , he spent his childhood in Lowestoft , Suffolk , where he attended The Denes High School and met his wife Rita .
Boisleux-au-Mont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In June 2007 , the Spirit of the Bush Concert was held on the sporting fields .
It is the base of operations for JetBlue Airways and is a major international gateway hub for American Airlines and Delta Air Lines .
The road skirts the remains of Sherwood Forest , and passes Catterick Garrison .
It is ( Middle Cambrian ) old , one of the earliest soft-parts fossil beds .
November 12 & ndash ; King Louis III of Naples ( b. 1403 )
When a person takes LSD , their senses , emotions , memories , time , and are all changed for six to fourteen hours .
The area comprises Long Mede and Runnymede which together with Coopers Hill Slopes is managed by the National Trust , and Yard Mede .
It is located approximately 60 km south east of the state capital , Hobart .
walnut , Juglans sp .
Oxegen is an annual Irish music festival held since 2004 , sponsored by Heineken .
(/O1834/O) .
In 2003 , psychiatrist Harbour F. Hodder published what he termed as the '' Caesar Complex '' theory , arguing that Caesar was a sufferer of temporal lobe epilepsy and the debilitating symptoms of the condition were a factor in Caesar 's conscious decision to forgo personal safety in the days leading up to his assassination .
They live in warm waters up to deep and are more common in the southern than in the northern part of the reef .
Toru Yasutake is a former Japanese football player .
Saint-Laurent-d ` Arce is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Although the United Kingdom and the United States share English as a common language , British Sign Language ( BSL ) is quite unlike ASL , and the two languages are not mutually intelligible . ASL is instead related to French Sign Language .
A greenhouse ( also called a glasshouse ) is a building where plants are grown .
Usually this requires significant resources and expertise in building and managing next-generation data centers .
It is situated 97 m west of London and 13 m south-east of Bristol .
He composed some songs with Indian singer Asha Bhonsle and created an all time Pakistani record for any single film with his 10 songs , most of them super hit songs .
It is made of recycled material , cotton waste and phenol resins .
Filmed in Vanuatu , a chain of volcanic islands in the South Pacific , the season premiered on September 16 , 2004 .
The town ` s history , however , reaches back to ancient Roman times - this can be experienced by visiting the Bergkamen Municipal Museum , which has a large Roman department , and the nearby archeological site , the '' Roemerlager '' .
Quetteville is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The visit is traditionally celebrated on Epiphany ( January 6 ) in Western Christianity .
This is probably one of the sources of Sarasvati\/Benzaiten 's close association with snakes and dragons in Japan .
Nearly 57 million people depend on the Yamuna waters .
His poems have appeared in literary journals in the U.S. and abroad and in the anthologies Twentieth-Century American Poetry , Contemporary American Poetry , and Writing Poems .
The provincial level-capital and main city of the Punjab is Lahore which has been the historical capital of the region .
Muzio Clementi ( 24 January 1752 , Rome -- 10 March 1832 , Evesham , Worcestershire , England ) was a celebrated Italian classical composer , pianist , pedagogue , conductor , music publisher , editor , and piano manufacturer .
Below Perth the river becomes tidal and enters the Firth of Tay .
Both genera are native to India , they are recognized by their small seed pod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
The ruby slippers are the shoes worn by Dorothy ( played by Judy Garland ) in the 1939 MGM movie The Wizard of Oz .
The term is further used more generally to refer to an expanse surrounding some object ; for example , an airport can have a concrete '' apron '' around it , where planes and other vehicles can move about .
It can be seen notably at the East End of Gloucester Cathedral where the East Window is said to be as large as a tennis court .
It was set up to encourage the preservation Irish culture , its music , dances , and language .
In her career , she won 6 singles titles and 37 doubles titles , including three Grand Slam women 's doubles titles ( 1 with Frenchwoman Julie Halard-Decugis and 2 partnering Belgian Kim Clijsters ) .
Skopje is an administrative division within the Republic of Macedonia consisting of ten municipalities , which form part of the Skopje statistical region .
It was formerly named the Evening Gazette after initially being named The West Lancashire Evening Gazette .
A reflecting pool or reflection pool is a water feature found in gardens , parks , and at memorial sites .
It is located 16 miles ( 25 km ) southwest of central London and bordered by Feltham and Hampton , flanked on the south by the River Thames .
From 1964 onwards , the regular creation of hereditary dignities such as baronetcies ceased , but Lord Mayors continued to be granted knighthoods ( usually of the rank of Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire ) until 1993 .
The World Meteorological Organization retired one name in the spring of 1992 : Bob . It was replaced in the 1997 season by Bill .
John Stockdale , 1794 , Map of the Environs of Mottram-in-Longdendale
His 1977 film Nahapet ( Life Triumphs ) is considered to be one of the most important Armenian films to deal with the Armenian Genocide .
He had played for the Peterborough Petes of the OHL the year before , scoring 98 points in 66 games .
The typical Grumman rugged construction was matched to an all-metal , high-winged monoplane powered by two 450 h Pratt & Whitney R-985 Wasp Jr. nine-cylinder , air-cooled radial engines mounted on the leading edge of high-set wings .
When the war ended Powell resumed work on Aubrey , completing the manuscript of John Aubrey and His Friends in May 1946 , though it only appeared in 1948 after difficult negotiations and arguments with publishers .
The Temple in Jerusalem or Holy Temple ( ) , refers to one of a series of structures located on the Temple Mount in the old city of Jerusalem .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,813 Mm in 569.728 days , at an inclination of 147 to the ecliptic ( 149 to Jupiter 's equator ) , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1570 .
They wrote about the history of Jesus Christ , that of the Church and that of their patrons , the dynastic history of the local rulers .
'' Soldier '' peaked at number 1 in Canada and Denmark and number 3 in the United States , where it became the group 's tenth and final consecutive top hit , number 4 in the UK , which makes T.I. 's & Lil Wayne 's first top 5 hit in the UK and peaked within the top 5 in New Zealand , Denmark , Ireland , Israel , Finland , Italy , Greece and Switzerland .
, )
About 500 evacuees from the area sheltered at an emergency centre established in a theatre in Traralgon .
She was sworn in on January 23 , 1997 .
George Harrison worked on the song with Starr ; perhaps out of solidarity as his own songs were often dismissed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney .
Southeastern Europe , bordering the Black Sea and Danube , with the Carpathian mountains in its center .
Chulalongkorn University ( ) is the oldest university in ThailandHistory of Chulalongkorn University and has long been considered the country 's most prestigious university .
There are signs of restoration work on the upper part done in the Seljuk and Ottoman eras .
Tin ( IV ) bromide is the chemical compound SnBr4 .
The eastern boroughs of Merseyside border Lancashire to the north and Greater Manchester to the east , and both parts of Merseyside , west and east of the estuary , border Cheshire to the south .
Smyrna went on to be beaten ( 15 - 0 ) by a team from Denmark .
Shade is the blocking of sunlight ( in particular direct sunshine ) by any object , and also the shadow created by that object .
as the first bastides .
Larger organisms such as snails , shrimp , crabs , tube worms , fish , and octopuses form a food chain of predator and prey relationships above the primary consumers .
Gibson coined the term '' cyberspace '' in his short story '' Burning Chrome '' and later popularized the concept in his debut novel , Neuromancer (/O1984/O) .
She transitioned to a film career , starring in several films aimed at teenage audiences , including She 's the Man (/O2006/O) and Hairspray (/O2007/O) .
Several varieties of this legend exist - others refer to the combined land of Trinity College , Cambridge and Trinity College , Oxford , of Trinity College , Cambridge and Christ Church , Oxford , or St John 's College , Oxford and St John 's College , Cambridge .
The name Xubuntu is a portmanteau of Xfce and Ubuntu .
Granz helped solidify her position as one of the leading live jazz performers .
The Philadelphia Soul were a professional arena football team in the Arena Football League .
The Kingdom of Judah ( ) existed at two periods in Jewish history .
Initially commissioned as a short series by BBC Children 's Department , who held editorial control , its facilities are provided by BBC News .
What made 1857 different was that , although not centrally coordinated , the uprisings had the feel of something much larger with real anticipation that colonial rule would be overthrown .
Criss Angel Mindfreak is a show distributed by A&E Network .
Early career After his Army discharge , Hendrix and army friend Billy Cox moved to nearby Clarksville , Tennessee , where they established '' The King Kasuals '' on a less casual footing .
Benjamin Britten composed a fugue for orchestra in his The Young Person 's Guide to the Orchestra , consisting of subject entries by each instrument once .
Microarchitecture , also known as Computer organization is a lower level , more concrete and detailed , description of the system that involves how the constituent parts of the system are interconnected and how they interoperate in order to implement the ISA .
McDormand has acted in six of the Coen Brothers ' films , including a minor appearance in Miller 's Crossing a supporting role in Raising Arizona , lead roles in Blood Simple and The Man Who Was n't There , her Academy Award winning role in Fargo , and her latest starring role in Burn After Reading .
Robert Walpole is elevated to the peerage and thus moves from the British House of Commons to the House of Lords , effectively ending his reign as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom ( see February 16 , above ) .
Retrieved July 14 , 2007 .
In Africa caecilians are found from Guinea Bissau ( Geotrypetes ) to Northern Zambia ( Scolecomorphus ) .
The town was chartered by King John in 1205 .
An ovum ( plural ova , from the Latin word ovum meaning egg or egg cell ) is a haploid female reproductive cell or gamete .
Horodnic de Jos is a commune in Suceava County , Romania .
Charles '' Chuck '' Wade Barkley ( born February 20 , 1963 ) is an American retired professional basketball player .
In 1996 Hill won the Formula One World Championship ; as the son of the late Graham Hill , he is the only son of a world champion to win the title .
Chloroform was once a popular anesthetic .
Up until the Meiji period , Jing was considered to have been the 15th Japanese imperial ruler , according to the traditional order of succession ; Titsingh , p. 15 .
Dark Angel is an American biopunk\/cyberpunk science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H. Eglee . The show premiered in the United States on the Fox network on October 3 , 2000 , and was canceled after two seasons .
Kyoto : the Old Capital , 794 -- 1869 , p. 327 .
The Willow Grouse ( Lagopus lagopus ) or Willow Ptarmigan is a bird of the grouse subfamily .
To help compare sizes of different geographic regions , we list here areas between 10 km2 ( 1,000 hectares ) and 100 km2 ( 10,000 hectares ) .
The study compared IPCC 2001 projections on temperature and sea level change with observations .
The new tank warfare tactics and the terror bombing of cities from the air were features of the Spanish Civil War which played a significant part in the later general European war .
It is a tiny island , measuring only 3.5 miles by 1.25 miles .
The Gastornis had a remarkably huge beak with a slightly hooked top , which was taken as evidence suggesting that it was carnivorous .
Members of the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers have won the most awards of any franchise ( with 16 ) , twice the total of the New York Yankees ( eight ) , who have produced the most in the American League .
Arnold began the war as a captain in Connecticut 's militia , a position to which he was elected in March 1775 .
There is even a parable to describe this observation ( paraphrased below ) : '' The mighty oak stands strong and firm before the wind , while the willow yields to the slightest breeze .
Kara started promotions with their third mini-album '' Lupin '' in February 2010 .
Early life Hoffman was born in Los Angeles , California , the son of Lillian ( née Gold ) and Harry Hoffman , who worked as a prop supervisor/set decorator at Columbia Pictures before becoming a furniture salesman .
Aeronwy Bryn Thomas-Ellis ( 3 March 1943 -- 27 July 2009 ) translator of Italian poetry , was the second child and only daughter of the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas and his wife , Caitlin Macnamara .
NK cells distinguish infected cells and tumors from normal and uninfected cells by recognizing level changes of a surface molecule called MHC ( major histocompatibility complex ) class I. NK cells are activated in response to a family of cytokines called interferons .
Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve codified moral rules in the Soviet Union which every member of the Communist Party of the USSR and every Komsomol member were supposed to follow .
Athies-sous-Laon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
It was said , that she had a rare quality ; she knew her own limitations .
Ambricourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Alfred Pfaff ( 16 July 1926 -- 27 December 2008 ) was a German football player and World Cup winner with West Germany in 1954 .
The record features the songs '' Whatever '' and '' Lord Do n't Slow Me Down '' which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album ( although the latter did appear on the Dig Out Your Soul discbox ) .
Francisco Castro fullname Francisco Miguel Meireles Von-Doellinger Castro ( born 3 June 1979 ) is a Portuguese football player .
One of the featured matches on the undercard was a Casket match between The Undertaker and Mark Henry .
However , an ominous black aura fills the skies as a dark creature named Nightmare who emerges from the fountain .
The population was 2,205 at the 2000 census .
At its core is a highly specialized system of notation for describing system behavior , called a matrix .
In geology , a crust is the outermost solid shell of a rocky planet or moon , which is chemically distinct from the underlying mantle .
Whisenhunt was a transient in his early years in the league , moving to the staff of the Cleveland Browns in 1999 and to the New York Jets the following season .
The New Year is the day that marks the beginning of a new calendar year , and is the day on which the year count of the specific calendar used is incremented .
It is found in many forms of music , Italian folk music , classical music , Roma music , Persian music , gospel music , pop music and rock music .
Aldgate East is a London Underground station located between Aldgate and Whitechapel in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Both Melot and Kurwenal , however , are killed in the fight .
The Codex Amiatinus , described by some as the ` finest book in the world ' , was created at the monastery and was likely worked on by Bede , who was born at Wearmouth in 673 .
Los Jovillos ( D.M. )
At 13 he enrolled in the Lakeside School , an exclusive preparatory school .
The World Council of Credit Unions is both a trade association for credit unions worldwide and a development agency .
Currently headed by Chief of Staff General Seyran Ohanian , the General Staff is responsible for operational command of the Armenian Military and its three major branches .
It is the second largest city by area in the province after Andong , covering 1324 k with a population of 269,343 people according to the 2008 census .
Backlash : In Your House was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) promotion , which took place on April 25 , 1999 at the Providence Civic Center in Providence , Rhode Island .
Credit usually goes to Jesse Williams , a dairy farmer from Rome , New York , who in 1851 started making cheese in an assembly-line fashion using the milk from neighboring farms .
Such a loop is called a feedback loop . In systems containing an input and output , feeding back part of the output so as to increase the input is positive feedback ( regeneration ) ; feeding back part of the output in such a way as to partially oppose the input is negative feedback ( degeneration ) .
Society has been divided into two rigid groups : one of planners or thinkers , who live high above the earth in luxury , and another of workers who live underground laboring to sustain the lives of the privileged .
It evolved from Romanesque architecture and was succeeded by Renaissance architecture .
