Definition of Adenine from the Genetics Home Reference - National Institutes of Health The shape of adenine is complementary to either thymine in DNA or uracil in RNA .
In the fall of 1944 , following graduation from high school , Davis moved to New York City to study at the Juilliard School of Music .
France returned to its 1789 borders and the House of Bourbon , deposed by the Revolution , was restored to the throne .
See Heros , Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , ` A Greek-English Lexicon ' , at Perseus and Plato , ` Cratylus ' Later , hero ( male ) and heroine ( female ) came to refer to characters who , in the face of danger and adversity or from a position of weakness , display courage and the will for self sacrifice -- that is , heroism -- for some greater good of all humanity .
While no globally significant computer failures occurred when the clocks rolled over into 2000 , preparation for the Y2K bug had a significant effect on the computer industry .
Wallace was the inspiration for the poem The Acts and Deeds of Sir William Wallace , Knight of Elderslie , by the 15th century minstrel , Blind Harry and this poem was to some extent the basis of Randall Wallace 's ( no known relation ) screenplay for the 1995 film Braveheart .
In April 1991 , it was released on the debut album The Orb 's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld .
Brassica oleracea , or wild cabbage , is a species of Brassica native to coastal southern and western Europe , where its tolerance of salt and lime and its intolerance of competition from other plants typically restrict its natural occurrence to limestone sea cliffs , like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel .
Her appearances in mythology are sparse , but reveal her as a figure of exceptional power and beauty .
McGee is the first son of a WNBA player to ever play in the NBA .
The Socialist Party is a Trotskyist group active in England and Wales with two dozen members on trade union executives .
Michel Raymond ` Bunny ' Larocque ( April 6 , 1952 , in Hull , Quebec , Canada - July 29 , 1992 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens , Toronto Maple Leafs , Philadelphia Flyers and St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League .
The Roche limit ( ) , sometimes referred to as the Roche radius , is the distance within which a celestial body , held together only by its own gravity , will disintegrate due to a second celestial body 's tidal forces exceeding the first body 's gravitational self-attraction .
The Pontifical Basilica of Saint Nicholas in Bari
The crow , who was secretly spying on her , reported her unfaithfulness to Apollo .
'' rock paintings '' , Encycl .
The next morning Rev. Crisparkle goes to the river weir and finds Edwin 's watch and chain and his shirt pin ; no other trace of him is found .
Following the gestation period , a single rubbery-skinned egg between 13 a in diameter and 1.5 a in weight is laid from her cloaca directly into a small , backward-facing pouch that has developed on her abdomen .
While the word abbreviation refers to any shortened form of a word or a phrase , some have used initialism or alphabetism to refer to an abbreviation formed simply from , and used simply as , a string of initials .
The county was formed in 1861 from the southeastern part of Cherokee County .
In use the blade is inserted into the seam underneath the thread to be cut .
The Chinese Book of Song of the Liu Song Dynasty , written by the Chinese historian Shen Yue ( 441-513 ) , notes the Japanese presence in the Korean peninsula .
Testicular cancer and other neoplasms To improve the chances of catching possible cases of testicular cancer or other health issues early , regular testicular self-examination is recommended .
While he regarded himself primarily as a poet who composed novels mainly for financial gain , during his lifetime he was much better known for his novels , such as Tess of the d'Urbervilles and Far from the Madding Crowd , which earned him a reputation as a great novelist .
The majority of mantises are ambush predators , waiting for prey to stray too near .
Although some epidemiological studies suggest an abortion - breast cancer association , the World Health Organization has concluded from large cohort studies that there is '' no consistent effect of first trimester induced abortion upon a woman 's risk of breast cancer later in life '' . The National Cancer Institute , the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , and other major medical bodies have concluded that abortion does not cause breast cancer .
It is about 3 km long and less than 1 km wide .
The popularity of thrash metal increased in 1984 with the release of Metallica 's Ride the Lightning , Anthrax 's Fistful of Metal , Overkill 's self-titled EP and Slayer 's Haunting the Chapel .
The agnathans as a whole are paraphyletic , because most extinct agnathans belong to the stem group of gnathostomes .
He is currently Minister of State for Police and Criminal Justice , with his time split between the Home Office and the Ministry of Justice .
After notable controversy ( detailed below ) , she competed only on the men 's side .
Outside the Esperanto community , the term language planning means the prescriptions given to a natural language to standardize it ; in this regard , even '' natural languages '' may be artificial in some respects .
A computing platform is some sort of hardware architecture and software framework ( including application frameworks ) that allows software to run .
Menneville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television , along with the rest of his family , in The Tracey Ullman Show short '' Good Night '' on April 19 , 1987 .
A game is a structured , usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool .
Weighing scale , a device to measure the mass of an object
Charles C. '' Charlie '' Waitt ( October 14 , 1853 -- October 21 , 1912 ) , born in Hallowell , Maine , was a professional baseball player who played a total of four professional baseball seasons .
Qualifying matches occurred to determine the participants in the match .
C. promethea is found in the eastern half of the United States and lower parts of eastern Canada .
He currently serves on the editorial board of eight other international academic journals .
The problem however lies in what genera are considered prosauropods .
The Barrie Colts are a junior ice hockey team in Ontario Hockey League , based in Barrie , Ontario , Canada .
Sunflowers can be processed into a peanut butter alternative , sunbutter .
He later noted that , in fact , he had only ever wanted to sing on '' Do n't Look Back in Anger '' , and had used '' Wonderwall '' as a bargaining tool .
Birch bark or birchbark is generally understood to be the bark of the Paper Birch tree ( Betula papyrifera ) , or sometimes of related species such as Gray ( Wire ) Birch ( Betula populifolia ) .
Sir Arthur Edward Drummond Bliss , CH , KCVO ( 2 August 1891 -- 27 March 1975 ) was a British composer .
Al-Safaniya , the world 's largest offshore oilfield , is located in the Persian Gulf .
Therefore , CF is considered an autosomal recessive disease .
The Dutch monopoly on nutmeg and mace was destroyed by the transfer of nutmeg trees to Ceylon , Grenada , Singapore and other British colonies in 1817 , after the capture of the main island , Bandalontor , in 1810 by Captain Cole , leading to the decline of the Dutch supremacy in the spice trade . There are , however , still nutmeg trees growing on Run today .
Rosso di Montalcino is made from 100 % Sangiovese grown in the same delineated region as Brunello di Montalcino .
Wills was authorized to purchase 17 a for a cemetery to honor those lost in the battle , paying $ 2,475.87 for the land ( $ as of ) .
Unlike ecozones , biomes are not defined by genetic , taxonomic , or historical similarities .
At the 1968 Summer Olympics , in Mexico City , two American track and field athletes , Tommie Smith and John Carlos , who finished first and third in the 200 meter sprint race , performed the Black Power salute on the victory stand .
The nearest star to the Earth , apart from the Sun , is Proxima Centauri , which is 39.9 trillion kilometres , or 4.2 light-years away .
Circle Hot Springs has an airport , Circle Hot Springs Airport .
While Councillors can draw on an Army security detail if they need personal protection ( in particular during official events ) , it is more usual to encounter them without any escort at all in the streets , restaurants and tramways of Bern .
Under UCI rules , the determination of whether a cyclist violated any rules must be made by the cyclist 's national federation , in this case USA Cycling , which transferred the case to the United States Anti-Doping Agency ( USADA ) .
It is adjacent to two other cemeteries , those being Queen of Heaven Cemetery , another Catholic Cemetery , and Oakridge Glen Oaks Cemetery .
The wild goat ( Capra aegagrus ) is a widespread species of goat , with a distribution ranging from Europe and Asia Minor to central Asia and the Middle East .
Year 1420 ( MCDXX ) was a leap year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
David 's lab was filled with people , such as Dan Stinchcomb ( who introduced Mello to the practice of molecular biology ) , who would prove to be important in Mello 's future training .
BioShock is set during 1960 , in Rapture , a fictional underwater dystopian city .
The slope of the valley decreases from 0.35 % in the west to 0.14 % in the east , a low gradient .
Formed in 1994 , November 1997 NYROCK - Interview with Steve Harwell the band comprised Steve Harwell ( lead vocals ) , Greg Camp ( guitar ) , Paul De Lisle ( bass ) , and Kevin Coleman ( original drummer ) .
The Scottish Football Association Challenge CupSFA Handbook 2006-07 Cup Competition Rules , commonly known as the Scottish Cup , and as the Active Nation Scottish Cup for sponsorship reasons , Scottish Cup given new branding is the main national cup competition in Scottish football .
Leicester ( , ) is a city and unitary authority area in the East Midlands of England .
It was first performed at Snape Maltings near Aldeburgh , England on 16 June 1973 .
This event helps lead the United States to declare war on Spain .
Some principles , such as Newton 's laws of motion , are still generally called '' laws '' even though they are now known to be limiting cases of newer theories .
The game port was the traditional connector for video game input devices on x86-based PCs .
This definition coupled with present definition of the second is based on the special theory of relativity , that our space-time is a Minkowski space .
Vernie is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
However , because of their lack of legal personality , legacies to unincorporated associations sometimes fall foul of the general common law prohibitions against purpose trusts .
After stopping off , the band goes through a door into the real world , and find themselves playing a live concert on stage .
The combination of Newton 's laws of motion and gravitation provide the fullest and most accurate description of classical mechanics .
In 1473 , he summoned the first provincial diet in the history of the archbishopric , and eventually abdicated .
Humboldt 's life and travels Early life and education Humboldt was born in Berlin in the Margraviate of Brandenburg .
In , Kubica became the official reserve driver for the BMW Sauber Formula One team .
Stade Municipal is a multi-use stadium in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso .
Kathleen Doyle '' Kathy '' Bates ( born June 28 , 1948 ) is an American actress and director .
With the Lights Out is a box set , containing 3 CDs and 1 DVD , from the American grunge band Nirvana .
Virginia Beach is an independent city located in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of Virginia , on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay .
Mariss Jansons succeeded Maazel as the PSO 's Music Director from 1997-2004 , and maintained the high artistic reputation of the orchestra .
June 30 - The discovery of 9 additional natural satellites of Saturn published .
These were all merged together into '' Liaoning '' in 1954 , and parts of former Rehe province were merged into Liaoning in 1955 .
Births December 15 -- Nero , Roman Emperor Josephus , Jewish historian Deaths March 16 -- Tiberius , Roman Emperor .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a multi-billion dollar Walt Disney franchise encompassing a theme park ride , a series of films and spinoff novels as well as numerous video games and other publications .
Though a relatively new city , it has a long history as a trade port and today is one of the most important German ports , playing a crucial role in Germany 's trade .
Tentatively titled The Last Airbender : Legend of Korra ( originally titled Avatar : Legend of Korra ) , it will be a twenty-six episode mini series that takes place in the same fictional universe as the original show , except seventy-five years later .
The Uncontrollable Genie Time Magazine , 27 August 1956 After World War II , increasing anti-British sentiment spread throughout the Arab World and led to riots in Bahrain .
The Undertaker immediately signed the contract ; however , before Orton signed the contract , he cut a promo on the Undertaker , stating that he has nothing but respect for him and then claimed that the legend of the Undertaker will become a myth when his 12-0 undefeated streak at WrestleMania , would soon be 12-1 .
Macleans College is a co-educational secondary school in New Zealand situated in the Auckland suburb of Bucklands Beach .
He has a fear of pelicans , because of their '' big flappy beaks '' and does n't like chihuahuas '' 'cause they shake '' .
Outside of the Netherlands , Haitink was principal conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra from 1967 to 1979 . Haitink also served as the music director at Glyndebourne Opera from 1978 to 1988 .
Shusha was founded in 1750-1752 ( according to other sources , 1756 - 1757 ) by Panah-Ali khan Javanshir ( r. 1748-1763 ) , the founder and the first ruler of the independent Karabakh Khanate ( 1748 - 1822 ) , which comprised both Lowland and Highland Karabakh .
The capital of Alabama is Montgomery , and the largest city by population is Birmingham .
Civrieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
David Eugene '' Dave '' Heineman ( born May 12 , 1948 ) is the 39th and current Governor of Nebraska .
Photographs of at Saint Clement 's Church His term as presiding bishop ended on November 1 , 2006 .
At the time of the 1989 Voyager 2 flyby , for example , the planet 's southern hemisphere possessed a Great Dark Spot comparable to the Great Red Spot on Jupiter .
Tofu is made by coagulating soy milk and pressing the resulting curds .
It is colored in Transport for London 's ( TfL ) Corporate Magenta on the Tube map and in other branding .
The original club going under the name Associazione Calcio Venezia 1907 was declared insolvent because of bankruptcy and relegated from Serie B in 2005 .
The song won the contest and became her first single , released as a 7 '' single pressed locally for family and friends during 1980 with another Amos-penned composition as a B-side , '' Walking With You '' .
East pediment - Justice , the Guardian of Liberty by Hermon Atkins MacNeil West pediment - Equal Justice Under the Law by Robert Ingersoll Aitken .
Pompey eventually pushed Caesar into Thessaly and urged on by his senatorial allies , he confronted Caesar near Pharsalus .
He received the nickname '' Butch '' as a youth and continues to use the name professionally as an adult .
He wrestled in Mexico and Japan for several major professional wrestling promotions in the United States Guerrero wrestled in Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and in World Wrestling Entertainment ( then WWF , later renamed to WWE ) .
Violent J predicted that the group 's next album would sell at least 500,000 units .
V12 is a common configuration for large diesel engines ; most are available with differing numbers of cylinders in V configuration to offer a range of power ratings .
Yusuke Nakatani is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kyoto Sanga F.C. .
Poprad ( ; , ) is a city in northern Slovakia at the foot of the High Tatra Mountains famous for its picturesque historic center and as a holiday resort .
Cage won and retained the title , but Abyss attacked him and stole the belt .
In 2007 , Gackt has provided the voice for Malthazar in the Japanese release of the film Arthur and the Minimoys .
In 1945 , following the surrender of Japan , American administrators divided the peninsula along the 38th Parallel , with United States troops occupying the southern part and Soviet troops occupying the northern part .
Jimmie Foxx was the first player to win multiple times ; ten players have won three times and seventeen have won twice .
Written by Bee Gees members Barry & Robin Gibb and produced by Barry ( who also provide backing vocals ) , the song was Sang 's only hit single , reaching number three on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1978 .
Suva is the capital and largest city of Fiji .
It was moderated by ABC 's Martin Bashir and parts of it were aired on Nightline .
Parempuyre is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
__ NOTOC __
Media studies is an academic discipline that deals with the content , history and effects of various media , in particular mass media .
Authentic Aboriginal didgeridoos are produced in traditionally oriented communities in Northern Australia or by makers who travel to Central and Northern Australia to collect the raw materials .
The Palazzo Borgia , on the third side of the piazza , was built as the palace to house the bishops who would travel to Pienza to attend the pope .
Yukihiro Aoba is a former Japanese footballer .
is any illness resulting from the consumption of contaminated food .
Postcodes have been adopted for a wide range of purposes in addition to aiding the automating sorting of the mail ; and are used to calculate insurance premiums , designate destinations in route planning software and are used as the lowest level of aggregation in census enumeration .
The park covers an area of 111 hectares ( 275 acres ) .
The 1040s decade ran from January 1 , 1040 , to December 31 , 1049 .
Persian blue ( not to be confused with prussian blue ) comes in three major tones : Persian blue proper -- a bright medium blue ; medium Persian blue ( a medium slightly grayish blue that is slightly indigoish ) ; and a kind of dark blue that is much closer to the web color indigo ; this darker shade of Persian blue is referred to as Persian indigo , dark Persian blue .
In 2003 , Benson worked with Golden , Terry Moore , and Eric Powell of Dark Horse Comics to create the Buffy the Vampire Slayer : Willow and Tara comic book titled '' WannaBlessedBe '' .
Today , the town includes a supermarket , two hotels , a newsagent , a butcher and golf and bowling clubs , as well as farm produce suppliers , a lucerne plant and a sawmill .
Includes a graphical way to run executable files and scripts with App runner
Marles-les-Mines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Brittany Anne Snow ( born March 9 , 1986 ) is an American television and film actress and singer .
It oversees the collection , administration and distribution of music licenses and royalties .
Fleet status ( subsection Class 01-14 ) wnxx.net History The Class 08 design was based on the LMS 12033 series ( later TOPS Class 11 ) design .
He was born in Leipzig , Kingdom of Saxony .
She made the cover of TV Guide on the July 29 , 2000 to August 4 , 2000 issue as one of '' The Sexiest Stars in the Universe '' .
png Symphysis pubis exposed by a coronal section .
was an English composer and organist .
The storm is considered one of the worst natural disasters in Cuban history .
The name Treaty of Berlin is attached to several treaties :
An objection to the hope is good\/the jar is a prison interpretation counters that , if the jar is full of evils , then what is expectant hope -- a blessing -- doing among them ?
The film stars Keanu Reeves , Dennis Hopper , Sandra Bullock , Joe Morton and Jeff Daniels .
This new line of colored Game Boys would set a precedent for later Nintendo handhelds ; the Game Boy Pocket , the Game Boy Color , Game Boy Advance ( including the SP and Micro ) , Nintendo DS , Nintendo DS Lite , Nintendo DSi , Nintendo DSi XL , and Nintendo 3DS all feature different colored units .
Adela Florence Nicolson ( née Cory ) ( 9 April 1865-4 October 1904 ) was an English poet who wrote under the pseudonym Laurence Hope .
The mobile phase moves through the chromatography column ( the stationary phase ) where the sample interacts with the stationary phase and is separated .
When she was briefly imprisoned at Perm in 1918 , Princess Helena Petrovna , the wife of Anastasia 's distant cousin , Prince Ioann Konstantinovich of Russia , reported that a guard brought a girl who called herself Anastasia Romanova to her cell and asked if the girl was the daughter of the Tsar .
Wantage has a town council consisting of sixteen councillors , twelve of whom ( as of 2007 ) are Liberal Democrats with the remaining four councillors being Conservatives .
The species form a group of erect shrubs , and climbing or trailing plants , with stems that are often armed with sharp prickles .
This hypothesis recognized differences between microbats and megabats and acknowledged that flight has only evolved once in mammals .
The official language is Portuguese .
By August 1983 , however , the band had reunited and began work on their eleventh studio album .
In electronics , a multiplexer or mux is a device that selects one of several analog or digital input signals and forwards the selected input into a single line .
New York University ( NYU ) is a private , nonsectarian research university based in New York City .
Air Force One is the official air traffic control call sign of any United States Air Force aircraft carrying the President of the United States .
Large bodies of magma that solidify underground before they reach the surface of the crust are called plutons .
For example , specialized diodes are used to regulate voltage ( Zener diodes ) , to electronically tune radio and TV receivers ( varactor diodes ) , to generate radio frequency oscillations ( tunnel diodes ) , and to produce light ( light emitting diodes ) .
Felixstowe is a seaside town on the North Sea coast of Suffolk , England .
Human-made materials , such as string , plastic , cloth , hair or paper , may be used .
In reward for good behaviour , Johns was issued with a ticket of leave on arrival , and on 10 March 1855 he received a conditional pardon .
On stage , NIN often employs visual elements to accompany performances , which frequently include light shows .
The group consists of four members : Aaron Yan , Wu Chun , Calvin Chen , and Jiro Wang .
The Chaldean Catholic Church presently comprises an estimated 1,500,000 Chaldean Christians who are ethnic Assyrians .
Subsidiarity is , ideally or in principle , one of the features of federalism .
During several years immediately after its founding in the early 1970s , Hampshire College was among the most selective undergraduate programs in the United StatesMaking of a College pp .
Their naked condition stands in contrast to the seeds or ovules of flowering plants ( angiosperms ) which are enclosed during pollination .
The entry that lies in the i-th row and the j-th column of a matrix is typically referred to as the i , j , ( i , j ) , or ( i , j ) th entry of the matrix .
Lady Jane Grey ( 1536\/1537 - 12 February 1554 ) , also known as The Nine Days ' Queen , was an English noblewoman who occupied the English throne from 10 July until 19 July 1553 and was executed for high treason .
The previous era ended and a new one commenced in Bun ' 2 .
Lumbres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
George Orwell 's '' Such , Such Were the Joys ''
is a series of science fiction novels first published in December 2004 , published by Newmarket Press written by Tedd Anasti , Patsy Cameron-Anasti and Stephen D. Sullivan ( books 2-3 ) .
Geel ( in English also Gheel ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Later , its membership was extended to non-European states .
Donald Henry Rumsfeld ( born July 9 , 1932 ) is an American politician and businessman who served as the 13th Secretary of Defense from 1975 to 1977 , under President Gerald Ford , and as the 21st Secretary of Defense from 2001 to 2006 , under President George W. Bush .
Ecocide is thought by some green economists to be accelerated by debt instruments which demand a yield ( economics ) greater than the ecological capacity to renew .
December 12 , 1994 37 Kindervelt Days Fran wants to go to her Kindervelt Camp reunion , but becomes desperate when she ca n't find a handsome man to impress one of her old camp rivals .
After weakening to a Category 1 , Nora made landfall in northern Baja California and stayed a tropical storm as it entered the United States .
The album produced three # 1 singles on the Hot Country Songs charts : '' Days Go By '' , '' Making Memories of Us '' and '' Better Life '' , as well as the # 2 hits '' You 're My Better Half '' and '' Tonight I Wan/Ona Cry '' ; '' Live to Love Another Day '' also peaked at # 48 on the country charts without being released to radio .
Bell worked as a reference librarian , but quit in 2005 to write full time .
Bergen is the second largest city in Norway with a population of as of , .
The Tower continued to be owned by the Bickerstaffe family until 1964 , when the Blackpool Tower Company was sold to EMI .
Hard water is generally not harmful to one 's health .
Before European settlement , the Wiradjuri people inhabited the Eugowra area .
Crackers , which use large quantities of sulphur and paper , spew out sulphur dioxide and charcoal into the air , also lead and other metallic substances are suspended in the air causing respiratory problems .
The World Ends with You , released in Japan as It 's a Wonderful World , is an action role-playing game developed by Square Enix 's Kingdom Hearts team and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS handheld console .
He was the last survivor of the Battle of Jutland , the last surviving member of the Royal Naval Air Service ( RNAS ) and the last surviving founding member of the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) .
Yulia ( full name Yulia MacLean ) is a Russian-born New Zealand classical crossover singer .
In February 2007 , Montag began working on an album with producer David Foster .
The city was initially founded between 1771 and 1776 but was soon after abandoned during the War of Independence .
Guwahati is the most important trade hub in the North Eastern Region .
Following the major success and platinum accreditation of the album Nickel Creek , Thile released Not All Who Wander Are Lost in 2001 .
Currently available in the arcades , the PSP and the PlayStation 3 ( via the PlayStation Network ) Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection is an update of Tekken 5 .
Smile , It 's the End of the World is the second full length album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson .
Bourguébus is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The former Goldfields region featuring the historic cities of Ballarat , Beechworth , Bendigo , Castlemaine , Maldon and Daylesford .
Background information The song was written by Ezekiel '' Zeke '' Lewis , Balewa Muhammad , Candice Nelson , and Patrick '' J. Que '' Smith of the popular songwriting/production team The Clutch .
Other sound designers picked up on the effect , and inclusion of the sound in films became a tradition among the community of sound designers .
The eye is often visible in satellite images as a small , circular , cloud-free spot .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
Early in the century , due to discoveries on Java and at Zhoukoudian , it was believed that modern humans first evolved in Asia .
There are other types of nuclear weapons as well .
It is mostly in the historical region of Moldavia but the southern part , below the Milcov River , is in Muntenia .
A stranger named Murtagh rescues them , but Brom is gravely injured .
As of 2000 , the population was 3,148 .
The name has a Dutch origin but by misidentification .
Founded in 1848 , the school is composed of the main campus in Oxford , four branch campuses located in Booneville , Grenada , Tupelo , and Southaven as well as the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson .
Genus Lagotherium Pictet 1853
The most common symptom is abdominal upset or pain .
On June 7 , 2008 , Alba gave birth to a baby girl , Honor Marie Warren , The Times - Jessica Alba gives birth to baby girl at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , California .
This is a list of songs released and unreleased by English band Keane .
Etymology The name amaranth comes from the Greek a ( not ) + marainean ( to waste away ) , i.e. , a flower that never died that was believed to grow on Mount Olympus .
is a video game based on Dancing with the Stars .
Directed by David R. Ellis , the film features the three animals from the first film , Shadow the Golden Retriever ( voiced by Ralph Waite ) , Sassy the Himalayan cat ( Sally Field ) , and Chance the American Bulldog ( Michael J. Fox ) .
Eventually , following the resumption of shuttle flights in 1988 , the launch of the telescope was scheduled for 1990 . On April 24 , 1990 , shuttle mission STS-31 saw Discovery launch the telescope successfully into its planned orbit .
The procedure for granting patents , the requirements placed on the patentee , and the extent of the exclusive rights vary widely between countries according to national laws and international agreements .
Road jerseys were more likely to identify the city , as with the Tigers wearing the word '' Detroit '' on their road shirts .
When complete it will one of the few Heritage Railways that operates a whole branch line in its original form and entire length .
For the majority of articles , Wikipedia has become a vast '' pot-luck dinner '' .
He manufactured a few sets himself , but was not successful in selling the game to any major game manufacturers of the day .
However , statistics show that riding in a plane is safer than driving in a car .
Euroa is a town in the Shire of Strathbogie in North-East Victoria , Australia .
Pliocene -- Pleistocene
Ditmar Jakobs ( born 28 August 1953 in Oberhausen ) is a former German soccer player .
Throughout the run of SpongeBob SquarePants , the SpongeBob character has become very popular with both children and adults .
Flash floods can also occur after the collapse of a natural ice or debris dam , or a human structure such as a man-made dam , as occurred before the Johnstown Flood of 1889 . Flash floods are distinguished from a regular flood by a timescale less than six hours .
Upon becoming a tropical cyclone , the Aviation forecast model predicted Tropical Depression Four-E to make landfall in Mexico as a weak tropical storm in 12 hours .
Its foundation was in 1971 .
Jo Kanazawa ( born July 9 , 1976 in Iruma , Saitama , Japan ) is a Japanese football player .
The overall goal is to set up management models demonstrating effective natural resource conservation and make a significant contribution to the development of Pakistan 's capacity .
Although the title was not coined until after her death , Martha Washington is considered to be the first First Lady of the United States .
The Klingon translation of Shakespeare 's most famous work , translated by Nick Nicholas and Andrew Strader supported by the KLI .
Hewitt began her acting career as a child by appearing in television commercials and the Disney Channel series Kids Incorporated .
The film consists of a tour with SOAD interspersed with cut scenes of genocides .
Rocquefort is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in northern France .
These were included as a mockery of the British and American public 's fear of subliminal messages in television and music .
The Alaska North Slope is the region of the U.S. state of Alaska located on the northern slope of the Brooks Range along the coast of two marginal seas of the Arctic Ocean , the Chukchi Sea being on the western side of Point Barrow , and the Beaufort Sea on the eastern .
The technical term '' IEEE 802.11 '' has been used interchangeably with Wi-Fi , but over the past few years Wi-Fi has become a superset of IEEE 802.11 .
During 1941 Moore performed 250 exhibitions across the country , earning $ 5 for matinees , and $ 7 for evening performances .
Mary reigned jointly with her husband and first cousin , William III and II , who became sole ruler upon her death in 1694 .
Pasodoble ( literal meaning in Spanish : double-step ) is a typical Spanish march-like musical style as well as the corresponding dance style danced by a couple .
Since January 2003 , the company eSYS Information Systems is responsible for the development of Gibraltar .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 10 .
In March 2009 the city , like elsewhere in Swat , came under Taliban rule due to a peace agreement with the government .
With the revival of Doctor Who in 2005 , Rose was introduced in the eponymous series one premiere as a new '' companion '' of series protagonist the Doctor , in his ninth and later tenth incarnations .
Michael Carrick ( born 28 July 1981 ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Manchester United and the England national team .
Frank Ordenewitz ( born 25 March 1965 ) is a retired German football player .
She died in Burhanpur in the Deccan ( now in Madhya Pradesh ) during the birth of their fourteenth child , a daughter named Gauhara Begum .
Bhopal is also known as the Lake City ( or City of Lakes ) for its various natural as well as artificial lakes and is one of the greenest cities in India .
Prepositional verbs are phrasal verbs that contain a preposition , which is always followed by its nominal object .
Karl Carstens ( 14 December 1914 -- 30 May 1992 ) was a German politician .
Instead of viewing women as ornaments to society or property to be traded in marriage , Wollstonecraft maintains that they are human beings deserving of the same fundamental rights as men .
A tag axle is a dead axle situated behind a drive axle .
NavFrame p , div .
'' Build God , Then We 'll Talk '' is the fifth and final official single from Panic ! at the Disco 's 2005 album , A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out , including the radio-only single '' The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage '' .
Palm Island is an Aboriginal community located on Great Palm Island , also called by the Aboriginal name '' Bwgcolman '' , an island on the Great Barrier Reef in North Queensland , Australia The settlement is also known by a variety of other names including '' the Mission '' , Palm Island Settlement or Palm Community .
While remaining non-tropical with a cold core it moved gradually west to northwest .
Around 500 BC , they ceased to be used for the decoration of monumental buildings , but were still shown on antefixes of smaller structures throughout the next century .
The Acts joined the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland ( previously separate states , with separate legislatures but with the same monarch ) into a single , united kingdom named '' Great Britain '' .
Thus , Iceland became Europe 's first modern republic , with an annual assembly of elected officials called the Althing .
Mata Palacio ( D.M. )
Stallworth Appears in Miami Court Yahoo Sports , April 2 , 2009 He pled guilty , and received a sentence of 30 days in jail , plus 1,000 hours of community service , 2 years of house arrest , and 8 years probation .
Messing is Jewish , a descendant of immigrants from Russia and Poland .
The city has an important and old finance sector , which is specialised in private banking ( managing assets of about 1 trillion USD ) and financing of international trade .
During McGraw 's childhood , his family moved so his father could pursue a lifelong dream of becoming a psychologist .
It is the northern extension of the Cascade Volcanic Arc , a chain of volcanoes of major andesitic to dacitic stratovolcanoes extending northward from northern California to British Columbia and contains the most explosive young volcanoes in Canada .
During the Second World War , Romania tried again to remain neutral , but on 28 June 1940 , it received a Soviet ultimatum with an implied threat of invasion in the event of non-compliance .
Important cities located in the Sahara include Nouakchott ( the capital of Mauritania ) , Tamanrasset , Ouargla , Bechar , Hassi Messaoud , Ghardaia , and El Oued ( Algeria ) , Timbuktu ( Mali ) , Agadez ( Niger ) , Ghat ( Libya ) , as well as Faya-Largeau ( Chad ) .
Luceau is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
He opted to stay with Parma also for the 2008 -- 09 season , aiming to offer his contribution to bring the team back into the top flight , however Lucarelli was featured intermittently through the season , playing only 19 games ( out of 42 ) and scoring a total eight goals .
Belle Haven is the name of some places in the U.S. state of Virginia :
Sao , or Neptune XI , like many of the outer satellites of Neptune , is named after one of the Nereids ; Sao was associated with sailing and is referred to as '' The rescuer '' or '' Safety '' .
Maerz and Paul A Dictionary of Color New York :1930 McGraw-Hill Page 190 ; Color Sample of Cerulean : Page 89 Plate 33 Color Sample E6 The word is probably derived from the Latin word caeruleus , '' dark blue , blue or blue-green '' , which in turn probably derives from caelulum , diminutive of caelum , '' heaven , sky '' .
Richard lives in an area of the world known as Westland , which is the only part of the world that at the time contained no magic .
He is best known for writing '' Das Lied der Deutschen '' , its third stanza now being the national anthem of Germany , and a number of popular children 's songs .
At a University of Applied Sciences ( Fachhochschule ) , the diploma degree is described as Diplom ( FH ) and takes mostly four years .
Grosseto is a town and comune in the central Italian region of Tuscany , the capital of the Province of Grosseto .
After appearing in several successful television series ( All That and The Amanda Show ) on Nickelodeon in the mid-to late 1990s and early 2000s , Bynes transitioned to a film career , starring in several films aimed at teenage audiences , including She 's the Man ( 2006 ) and Hairspray ( 2007 ) .
Hungarian is the majority language spoken in Hungary and also by Hungarian communities in the seven neighbouring countries and by diaspora communities worldwide .
A rare exception is a case of Renal tubular acidosis purportedly caused by expired tetracycline .
Wesley Carter Welker ( born May 1 , 1981 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ) is an American football wide receiver for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
She writes in Chuchu and Ciao magazines . She is from Tsuyama in Okayama Prefecture .
The term can thus mean any technology ranging from real-time online chat over instant messaging and online forums to fully immersive graphical social environments .
Extant amphibians fall into one of three orders - the Anura ( frogs and toads ) , the Caudata or Urodela ( salamanders and newts ) , and the Gymnophiona or Apoda ( the limbless caecilians ) .
Until recently the town 's name was Cordes , a word thought to come from the Indo-European root '' corte '' meaning '' rocky heights . ''
November 15 - The Smart 1 space probe reaches orbit around the Moon .
He 's a Galaxy British Book Awards winner and one of only two authors to sell two million copies on a first printing .
His modification was to use a 6 dot cell -- the Braille system -- which revolutionized written communication for the blind .
December 4 & ndash ; Kings Louis IX of France and Henry III of England agree to the Treaty of Paris , in which Henry renounces his claims to French-controlled territory on continental Europe ( including Normandy ) in exchange for Louis withdrawing his support for English rebels .
As a result of very favorable conditions for development , Typhoon Tip rapidly intensified in the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean .
From 1919 , Germany 's national defense force was known as the Reichswehr , until its Wehrmacht renaming in 1935 .
Henan is China 's second most populous province with a population of over 94 million . If it were a country by itself , Henan would be the 12th most populous country in the world , behind Mexico and ahead of the Philippines .
However , they continued to use this title .
According to Disney legend , Harambe was once part of a Dutch colony , but a peaceful revolution made Harambe self-governing in 1963 .
Viola is a town in Fulton County , Arkansas , United States .
Death On June 29 , 2003 , Hepburn died of natural causes at Fenwick , the Hepburn family home in Old Saybrook , Connecticut .
There is a single row of teeth in the lower jaw and a double row in the upper , with the bottom row fitting perfectly between the two upper rows when the mouth is closed .
Criss Angel Mindfreak Criss Angel is the star and creator of the A&E Network show Criss Angel Mindfreak .
Shoppers in Southampton and South Wales , where the test was conducted , confounded expectations by showing an overwhelming preference for the cod .
The official name was Airlie from 1936 until 1987 , when it became Airlie Beach .
Though these mammals can resemble rodents ( order Rodentia ) and were classified as a superfamily in that order until the early twentieth century , they have since been considered a separate order .
For example , in a chapter entitled '' Anything can be a weapon - Anything ! ''
Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated feature produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released on June 21 , 2002 .
It is the largest political party in the UK , and is currently the largest single party in the House of Commons with 306 seats . It governs in coalition with the Liberal Democrats , with party leader David Cameron as Prime Minister .
Ralph Baines , the Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield was deprived of his bishopric ( 21 June , 1559 ) on the accession of Elizabeth I of England and committed to the imprisonment of Edmund Grindal , the Protestant Bishop of London .
During his second term , he also served as Florida 's Secretary of Commerce , being appointed by Gov. Graham to this role .
Interstate 94 ( I-94 ) is the northernmost east -- west Interstate Highway , ( but I-96 is the highest-numbered ) connecting the Great Lakes and Intermountain regions of the United States .
Nancy Davis Reagan ( born Anne Frances Robbins on July 6 , 1921 ) is the widow of former United States President Ronald Reagan and served as an influential First Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Newspaper reports at the time triggered a mood of national outrage and the resulting inquiry recommended that public venues be fitted with a minimum number of outward opening emergency exits , which led to the invention of ` push bar ' emergency doors .
The book includes several statements that have been widely described as racist ; for example , he opined that US President Barack Obama identifies more with his '' African blood '' than his American roots and that the President '' rejects everyone white , including his mother and his grandparents '' .
The episodes began airing on October 3 , 2006 in Japan on TV Tokyo .
David confirmed on his official MySpace blog on November 21 , 2008 that '' A Little Too Not Over You '' , a song which he co-wrote , will be the next single following '' Crush '' .
This was originally accomplished through rituals performed by a high priest ( Kohen ) on the holiest day of the Jewish year : Yom Kippur ( Day of Atonement ) .
It flows through the states of Delhi , Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , before merging with the Ganges at Allahabad .
Good Hair Day , commonly referred to as ghd , is a manufacturer of hair care products .
Tring Sports Centre is in the grounds of Tring School .
Blizzard of Ozz is the debut studio album by British singer\/songwriter Ozzy Osbourne , recorded in Surrey , UK and released on September 20 , 1980 in the UK and on March 27 , 1981 in the U.S. Blizzard of Ozz was a commercial success and was certified 4x Platinum in the U.S. , ( a feat Osbourne would again achieve with the release of No More Tears ) .
The 42nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics , it was written and directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois , and features the voices of Sanders , Daveigh Chase , Tia Carrere , David Ogden Stiers , Kevin McDonald , Ving Rhames , and Jason Scott Lee .
It exists in both positive ( generally structured in the form of '' do to others what you would like to be done to you '' ) and negative form ( structured in the form of '' do not do to others what you would not like to be done to you '' ) .
It is shaped exactly like a capital Latin letter B but is pronounced differently .
Early European exploration Basque whalers and fishermen traded furs with Saguenay natives throughout the 16th century .
And once again , the group again had to settle for the 3rd place in the final , which was won by Martin Stenmarck 's song '' Las Vegas '' .
It moved to the west-northwest , becoming a hurricane before hitting the Leeward Islands on the 2nd .
Further south are the highest sea cliffs in the southern hemisphere , rising 300 m above the Tasman Sea at Cape Hauy .
The members of Council and the President are elected from and by its Fellows , the basic members of the Society , who are themselves elected by existing Fellows .
January 30 & ndash ; King Charles I of England , Scotland and Ireland is beheaded .
They lost the final match of the group 2 -- 0 against Argentina , who ended up winning the tournament .
The first surviving instances are the Idylls of Theocritus , and the Eclogues of Virgil , both of which inspired many imitators such as Edmund Spenser 's The Shepheardes Calender .
The only factorial that is also a prime number is 2 , but there are many primes of the form n !
Katara ( Mae Whitman ) is a female Waterbender of the Southern Water Tribe .
The female form is Edle .
An intron is any nucleotide sequence within a gene that is removed by RNA splicing to generate the final mature RNA product of a gene .
Get Smart is an American television comedy series that satirises the secret agent genre .
The magazine 's commercial heyday was during the 1970s when it became the best-selling British music magazine .
The village is on the River Thames , north of which is Marlow in Buckinghamshire .
German : ( 0.36 % )
More modern louver windows comprise slats of glass , opened and closed with a metal lever , or they may be shutters of wood , plastic or other material .
Square or squares may also refer to :
Alfred Eisenstaedt ( December 6 , 1898 -- August 24 , 1995 ) was a German-American photographer and photojournalist .
The family had originated in Poland and had lived in Congress Poland ( the part of Poland then within the Russian Empire ) but had been displaced by World War I. Soon after Leonid 's birth , the family returned to Warsaw , Poland .
She was accompanied by her mother whose presence was necessary to satisfy the requirements of David Anstey , chief warden , who was concerned for their safety ; Tanzania was '' Tanganyika '' at that time and a British protectorate .
Budapest ( , also , ; ; ) is the capital of Hungary .
Dragon Warrior , known as Dragon Quest in Japan , is the first role-playing video game ( RPG ) in the Dragon Quest media franchise .
In 1793 the bathing resort of Heiligendamm ( today a borough of Bad Doberan ) was established , and the region became a summer residence for the dukes of Mecklenburg-Schwerin .
Scott Sundquist was a drummer for the grunge band Soundgarden during the mid-1980s .
Harlow Doyle , ( 1992 - 2000 , 2005 - present ) voiced by Will Ryan .
He was named Folk Singer of the Year at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards in 2002 , and again in 2005 when he also won the award for Best Traditional Track for ` Famous Flower of Serving Men ' .
Rowing is a sport in which athletes race against each other on rivers , on lakes or on the ocean , depending upon the type of race and the discipline .
The region that was to become Sophene was part of the kingdom of Urartu in the 8th-7th centuries BC .
The largest by far is Roquefort Société made by the Société des Caves de RoquefortRoquefort Société ( a subsidiary of Lactalis ) , which holds several caves and opens its facilities to tourists , and accounts for around 60 % of all production .
This is essential for DNA replication .
Fouling deposit - in engineering , the accumulation of unwanted material on solid surfaces ( e.g. , those of heat exchangers )
The People 's Republic of China is admitted to the World Trade Organization after 15 years of negotiations .
( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The facing ( or lay ) is a curved section that leaves the flat table and continues to the tip of the mouthpiece . The length of a facing - defined as the distance from the tip of the mouthpiece to the point where the reed and mouthpiece meet - can vary .
Racing sled dogs will travel up to an average over distances up to .
The race was Formula One 's first ever day-night race , starting at 17:00 local time .
In 2005 , a pair of Scandinavian artists , Michael Elmgreen and Ingar Dragset , unveiled Prada Marfa , a sculpture masquerading as a Prada mini-boutique , nearby the towns of Valentine and Marfa in western Texas .
Blainville-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The United States Department of Energy ( DOE ) is a Cabinet-level department of the United States government concerned with the United States ' policies regarding energy and safety in handling nuclear material .
There are no images or direct observations of the material thought to be absorbing the plasma , but the likely candidates would be difficult to detect directly .
He won the 1958 Academy Award for Best Actor in Separate Tables ; ironically , he was also a co-host of the 1959 '' Oscar '' show .
The Bartholin 's glands ( also called Bartholin glands or greater vestibular glands ) are two glands located slightly below and to the left and right of the opening of the vagina .
It became a typhoon on December 10 and passed near Kwajalein with winds of .
It is equal to one-eighth of an international mile , to 220 yards , and to 660 feet .
While he was there his hosts played him a traditional Celtic folk tune called '' The Craigeelee '' , and Paterson decided that it would be a good piece to set lyrics to , producing them during the rest of his stay .
Rattle was born in Liverpool , the son of Pauline Lila Violet ( Greening ) and Denis Guttridge Rattle , a sub-lieutenant in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserves .
However , they were forced into a pair of battles by Antony , collectively known as the Battle of Philippi .
The national flag of the United States of America ( the '' American flag '' ) consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white , with a blue rectangle in the canton ( referred to specifically as the '' union '' ) bearing fifty small , white , five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars ( top and bottom ) alternating with rows of five stars .
January 14 & ndash ; WWII : Soviet troops start the offensive at Leningrad and Novgorod .
North Melbourne is a railway station located on the northern edge of the central business district of Melbourne , Australia .
Yochanan Vollach ( , sometimes spelled Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach , born 14 May 1945 ) is a former Israeli footballer .
The film is an adaptation of the 1962 novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest by Ken Kesey .
Rajeev Kumar ( ) is an activist and educator from New Delhi , India .
When an article on an otherwise encyclopedic topic has the tone of an advertisement , the article can often be salvaged by rewriting it in a neutral point of view .
The other anomalies can hence be calculated .
It was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence a change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender ( s ) playing for the team with the fewest goals against . Since 1981 , the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL general managers to the most outstanding goaltender .
Florina ( , known also by several alternative names ) is a town and municipality in mountainous northwestern Macedonia , Greece .
The red is also the color of the former flag of the nation when it was known simply as the Sultanate of Muscat and Oman .
The Coast Guard Air Station Houston ( AIRSTA ) weathered Alicia with little damage , and afterwards AIRSTA 's helicopters assisted residents with evacuation , supply , and survey flights .
Hertha performed consistently well on the field , including a win in the first Berlin championship final in 1905 .
He disappeared in June 1928 while taking part in a rescue mission .
His father , Hans Lafontaine , was a professional baker and was killed serving in World War II .
Both the outgoing administration of President James Buchanan and Lincoln 's incoming administration rejected the legality of secession , considering it rebellion .
Tunnel washes , which use a conveyor to move the vehicle through a series of fixed cleaning mechanisms .
The winner was 20 year old Eva Pigford from Los Angeles , California .
The non-program content of Debian began to comply with the DFSG more strictly in Debian 4.0 ( released in April 2007 ) and subsequent releases .
Their first album Bathory was released in 1984 and is '' regarded by many as the first black metal record . '' The band 's fourth album Blood Fire Death was released in 1988 and includes two early examples of Viking metal - the songs '' A Fine Day to Die '' and '' Blood Fire Death '' .
The Moorgate branch was decommissioned during a Christmas 2009 possession .
For further details see Haydn and Mozart .
The Hardys reunion ( 2006 -- 2007 ) On the November 21 episode of ECW on Sci Fi Hardy teamed with his brother , Matt , for the first time in almost five years to defeat the Full Blooded Italians .
The first is usually taken from the Old Testament and the second from the New Testament .
The first description of this scale was published in Paris in 1624 by Edmund Wingate ( c. 1593 - 1656 ) , an English mathematician , in a book entitled L'usage de la reigle de proportion en l'arithmetique & geometrie .
'' Lol '' stands for '' Laugh out Loud '' or '' Laughing out Loud '' , hence lolcats are intended to be funny and to include jokes .
It was released for the Nintendo GameCube in Japan on March 18 , 2004 ; in North America on June 7 , 2004 ; in Europe on January 7 , 2005 ; and in Australia on April 7 , 2005 .
The song was written in 1990 , and was partially influenced by '' Psycho Killer '' by the Talking Heads .
Dera Ismail Khan ( ) is one of the 24 districts in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
In the second operation , Fall Rot ( Case Red ) , executed from 5 June , German forces outflanked the Maginot Line and pushed deep into France .
Forecasters predicted Debby to continue to intensify to attain hurricane status , while its projected path placed the storm in an area of warm water temperatures and moderate upper level shear .
XI ( Pianists )
By the 16th century , tea drinking had spread to all levels of society in Japan .
WrestleMania X was the tenth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation .
Schmitz later killed Amedure and the jury awarded Amedure 's family $ 25 million USD .
Russian-Lithuanian businessman and banker Vladimir Romanov has been the major shareholder of Hearts since he bought Chris Robinson 's stake in 2005 .
In other words , you can have a proper presentation of an object if it is actually present , and an improper ( or symbolic as he also calls it ) if you only can indicate that object through signs , symbols , etc. .
In modern times , the word is sometimes extended to mean any other long-standing feud , not necessarily involving bloodshed .
Santa Cruz de Barahona is the main city of the Barahona Province , in the south of the Dominican Republic .
The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language , Fourth Edition .
Year 24 ( XXIV ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
who have been convicted of a crime , but only have to be kept locked up for less than a year .
Arizona Western College , Yuma
After being sent on a lengthy tour of Europe starting 1927 - including London , Paris and towns in Germany - during which he demonstrated his invention to full audiences , Theremin found his way to the United States , arriving December 30 , 1927 with his first wife Katia .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vissel Kobe in the J. League .
The Northern Gallery for Contemporary Art on Fawcett Street and Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens showcase exhibitions and installations from up-and-coming and established artists alike , with the latter holding an extensive collection of LS Lowry .
This includes a natural increase since the last census of 121,054 people ( that is 502,457 births minus 381,403 deaths ) and an increase due to net migration of 104,991 people into the state .
Abbas III , 1732 -- 1736
Clarkdale , the desktop version of Arrandale , will not be sold as Core i7 , but only as Core i3 and Core i5 .
Wind turbines are affected by wind shear .
He is recognized as one of the most influential and universal mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Dixon 's career began in 1999 when she met Sabrina Washington when they both joined a dance school in Fulham , west London .
The critical establishment was generally hostile to the novel ; Taine found it insincere , Barbey d'Aurevilly complained of its vulgarity , Flaubert found within it '' neither truth nor greatness '' , the Goncourts lambasted its artificiality , and Baudelaire - despite giving favorable reviews in newspapers - castigated it in private as '' tasteless and inept . ''
It is the capital city of Ethiopia and of the African Union and its predecessor , the OAU , and also the largest city in Ethiopia , with a population of 2,738,248 according to the 2007 population census .
The Actinopterygii ( the plural form of Actinopterygius ) constitute the class of the ray-finned fishes .
Johanna Spyri ( ) ( 12 June 1827 7 July 1901 ) was an author of children 's stories , and is best known for Heidi .
The Montreal Alouettes accomplished this first , with 5000 additional seats to Percival Molson Memorial Stadium in time for the 2010 CFL season .
Despite receiving numerous offers to act in other films , she declined , stating that she wanted to concentrate on finishing school .
In November 2010 the rights to the musical stage adaptation reverted back to Andrew Neiderman who is currently ( as of 2011 ) developing a new script with revised music and lyrics under the representation of McLean-Williams Management , with music composed by Dutch composer Sarif Tribou and Barney Ashworth , Musical Supervision by Mike Dixon , and revised lyrics by SJ Hills .
Jonathan holds a B. Sc .
Sir Charles Scott Sherrington , OM , GBE , PRS ( 27 November 1857 - 4 March 1952 ) was an English neurophysiologist , histologist , bacteriologist , and a pathologist , Nobel laureate and president of the Royal Society in the early 1920s .
Acute on chronic renal failure Acute renal failure can be present on top of chronic renal failure .
UNESCO collectively designated the major monuments and urban fabric of Assisi as a World Heritage Site .
Chemically , fats are generally triesters of glycerol and fatty acids .
The county seat is Cumming , Georgia .
Alex Shaw ( born 31 March 1987 in Maidstone , Kent , England ) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
Hankuk University of Foreign Studies ( HUFS ) and the local government of the City of Yongin decided to fund constructions of Hankuk Academy of Foreign Studies in order to stop the outflow of students moving out of Yongin city for better education .
Christian Panucci ( born 12 April 1973 in Savona , Italy ) is a retired Italian footballer .
The bodies of Tsar Nicholas II , Tsarina Alexandra , and three of their daughters were finally interred in the St. Catherine Chapel at St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in St. Petersburg on July 17 , 1998 , eighty years after they were murdered .
Interstate 76 ( west ) , a highway in northeastern Colorado and ( minimally ) western Nebraska , USA
The town was established in 1966 at the base of Vail Ski Resort , which opened in December 1962 .
See also Bureau du Roi French Baroque and Classicism French Rococo and Neoclassicism Menagerie Chenonceau Notes Further reading Thompson , Ian .
Pittefaux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A boat drawn by a swan appears on the river and in it stands a knight in shining armour .
The Flag of the State of Minnesota consists of a medium blue field charged with the state seal .
The show was primarily filmed at New York City 's Silvercup East , a sister studio to Silvercup Studios , to accommodate Ripa 's schedule with Live with Regis and Kelly .
Baccarat is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France .
gv .
Sool is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Dhaka ( haka )
'' Google Picasa '' , Obsessable , 2009 ( see : References ) .
On July 21 , 2008 , after the singles physical release , the track retained its number one position and was certified Gold .
They are best distinguished from similarly large , fuzzy bees by the form of the female hind leg , which is modified to form a corbicula : a shiny concave surface that is bare , but surrounded by a fringe of hairs used to transport pollen ( in similar bees , the hind leg is completely hairy , and pollen grains are wedged into the hairs for transport ) .
Team Fortress 2 is a team-based first-person shooter multiplayer video game developed by Valve Corporation .
The term epinephrine is derived from the Greek roots epi - and nephros , and literally means on the kidney , in reference to the gland 's anatomic location .
Bill Bowerman was born in Portland , Oregon .
Carlo '' Carletto '' Mazzone ( born March 19 , 1937 in Rome ) is an Italian football manager .
Cuttlefish eat small molluscs , crabs , shrimp , fish , octopuses , worms , and other cuttlefish . Their predators include dolphins , sharks , fish , seals and other cuttlefish .
Schneier and Blaze based MacGuffin on DES , their main change being that the data block is not split into equal halves in the Feistel network . Instead , 48 bits of the 64-bit data block are fed through the round function , whose output is XORed with the other 16 bits of the data block .
Williams donated $ 125,000 to Hurricane Katrina relief efforts in Biloxi , Mississippi , on October 14 , 2005 .
Bartlett was Deputy Premier of Tasmania from April to May 2008 and Premier of Tasmania from 26 May 2008 , succeeding Paul Lennon .
The district has partnership with the Finnish city Kajaani , the British district Sedgemoor , the Polish district Pila and the Rayon Rostov ( Yaroslavl Oblast ) in Russia .
The Bell-Beaker culture ( sometimes shortened to Beaker culture , Beaker people , or Beaker folk ; ) , ca .
ISBN 080062825X Non-trinitarians Nontrinitarianism refers to beliefs systems that reject the doctrine of the Trinity .
Traylor died of a heart attack at his home in Dallas , Georgia on September 22 , 2004 while his sister was visiting him .
It was formed following the construction of Namal Dam in 1913 .
Coaffee (/O2004/O) , p. 201 ( pdf p. 2 ) first paragraph .
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
On 20 September 1999 the Australian-led peacekeeping troops of the International Force for East Timor ( INTERFET ) deployed to the country and brought the violence to an end .
This double foundation was the model for Eton College and King 's College , Cambridge some 50 years later ( a sod of earth from Winchester and a number of scholars were sent to Eton for its foundation ) , and for Westminster School , Christ Church , Oxford and Trinity College , Cambridge in Tudor times .
On April 6 , 2004 , Modest Mouse released their fifth album , the platinum-selling Good News for People Who Love Bad News , which scored two hits with '' Float On '' and '' Ocean Breathes Salty '' ( both of which they performed on Saturday Night Live on November 13 , 2004 ) .
Laser beam welding employs a highly focused laser beam , while electron beam welding is done in a vacuum and uses an electron beam .
Vocalist Anthony Kiedis , who had resumed addictions to cocaine and heroin in 1994 after being sober for more than five years , approached his lyricism with a reflective outlook on drugs and their harsh effects .
Symptoms Oral infections by Candida species usually appear as thick white or cream-coloured deposits on mucosal membranes .
A year later , Evanescence released their first live album , Anywhere but Home , which sold more than one million copies worldwide .
The sugar-free chewing gum , introduced in 2003 , is made in the United States .
In 1993 , Timberlake joined the cast of The Mickey Mouse Club .
The stadium is located centrally in the city , not far from Norwich railway station and the River Wensum .
Geography and geology Billericay is a semi-rural town , with many green spaces , including Norsey Wood , Mill Meadows Nature Reserve , Queen 's Park Country Park , Sun Corner , Lake Meadows and South Green .
On 1 February , 1946 , he was elected as the first Secretary General of the United Nations as a result of a compromise between the major powers , having only missed being elected President of the first General Assembly by a small margin .
The assault force immediately laid siege to Fort Provintia , catching Valentyn unprepared since the fort was supposedly protected by Fort Zeelandia ; facing overwhelming enemy forces , Valentyn surrendered the fort on April 4 .
Park Chung-hee ( 30 September 1917 -- 26 October 1979 ) was a Republic of Korea Army general and the President of South Korea ( the Republic of Korea ) from 1961 to 1979 .
Takuya Sonoda is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
Hereford cattle are a beef cattle breed , widely used both in intemperate areas and temperate areas , mainly for meat production .
Torpedoes may be launched from submarines , surface ships , helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft , unmanned naval mines and naval fortresses .
Transliteration is what happens when a mapping is created between the different systems of writing .
Rawson , E. : Cicero , a portrait (/O1975/O) p. 303Haskell , H.J. : This was Cicero (/O1964/O) p.300-301
For instance , the conversations between Octavian and the Marschallin in the first act use the familiar '' you '' but switch back and forth between more formal speech ( Sie ) and the familiar '' du '' .
Most tornadoes have wind speeds less than , are approximately across , and travel a few miles ( several kilometers ) before dissipating .
Mysterio reacted by saying that he would fight anyone at anytime .
The most well-known examples of these procedures included legislation legalizing abortion , which -- in highly debated rulings -- were declared unconstitutional twice by the Constitutional Court .
Marshall was born in Kalgoorlie , Western Australia and lived in Kalgoorlie and Carnarvon until moving to Perth at seven .
In 2008 , BBC Three 's Gavin & Stacey won the BAFTA audience award and the best comedy performance award was awarded to James Corden for his part .
The terms animal testing , animal experimentation , animal research , in vivo testing , and vivisection have similar denotations but different connotations .
or dimensions of the photosensor for digital cameras .
A pack of digitized music was compiled and is planned to be included in future releases of the High Resolution Pack .
It is composed of three even more fundamental particles comprising two up quarks and one down quark .
His importance resides not only in his visual contributions to Impressionism and Post-Impressionism , but also in his patriarchal standing among his colleagues , particularly Paul Cézanne and Paul Gauguin .
Hurricane Kenneth was the strongest and longest-tracked hurricane of the 2005 Pacific hurricane season .
This is produced by plucking the required string to sound an open note .
Many were built in Britain , Ireland and France in the 11th and 12th centuries , favored as a relatively cheap but effective defensive fortification that could be built very quickly and repel most small attacks .
The headmistress and only teacher was Miss Taylor .
In Ainu language katakana usage , the consonant that comes at the end of a syllable is represented by a small version of a katakana that corresponds to that final consonant and with an arbitrary vowel .
The town of Udhampur is the headquarters of this district .
The Giants had a 5 -- 4 win-loss record at the time of Warner 's benching , finishing at 6 -- 10 overall ( going only 1 -- 6 under Manning ) .
It is played indoors on a smaller field than American football , resulting in a faster and higher-scoring game .
In February 2007 , he was appointed by the Assembly to another four-year term which , will run until the end of 2011 .
Rajeev Kumar ( ) is an activist and educator from New Delhi , India .
Cuissy-et-Geny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Andrew Orlowski , a frequent Wikipedia critic and writer for The Register- a British technology news and opinion website- criticized Jimmy Wales for hiring Essjay at the venture-capital-funded '' Wikia '' and for appointing him to the Wikipedia Arbitration Committee after Essjay had apparently admitted his previously claimed academic and professional credentials were false .
It is now reasonably well established that microbial life is plentiful at shallow depths in the Earth , up to 5 k below the surface , in the form of extremophile archaea , rather than the better-known eubacteria ( which live in more accessible conditions ) .
Cosworth experimented with turbocharged BD derivatives , before settling on an all-new turbocharged 1500 c V6 engine to be badged as the Ford TEC ( internally it was known as the GB-series ) .
He currently lives in New York .
Physical description The Hourglass Dolphin is coloured black and white and for this reason was colloquially known by whalers as the '' sea cow '' .
To date , the Circle Jerks have released six full-length studio albums , one compilation , live album and live DVD .
References to the Horai in classical sources are credited in Karl Kerenyi 's synthesis of all the mythology , The Gods of the Greeks 1951 , pp 101f and passim ( index , '' Horai '' )
Wetumpka is a city in Elmore County , Alabama , United States .
It is known as the Green Heart of Germany , due to the dense forest that covers the terrain .
Capacity Morumbi once held 120,000 seats , but now its maximum capacity is only 80,000 seats , and only 75,000 tickets are sold each game for safety reasons .
She has begun a new series called Sisters of Isis .
The station consists of four platforms , with two in an island format .
The most important form of Tamil painting is Tanjore painting , which originated in Thanjavur in the 9th century .
The two species hunt the larvae and some pupae from the branches and underside of leaves in milkweed bushes .
Kashmir and Jammu - Imperial Gazetteer of India , v. 15 , p. 89 End of the princely state In 1947 the Indian Independence Act was passed , this meant that British India would be divided into two independent states , the Dominion of Pakistan and the Union of India .
The black letter must not be confused either with the ancient alphabet of the Gothic language , nor with the sans-serif typefaces that are also sometimes called Gothic .
The Gregorian calendar uses 1901 to 2000 .
The Sandhill Crane ( Grus canadensis ) is a large crane of North America and extreme northeastern Siberia .
A quilt is a type of bedding -- a bed covering composed of a quilt top , a layer of batting , and a layer of fabric for backing , generally combined using the technique of quilting .
Since Kuala Lumpur became a Federal Territory of Malaysia on February 1 , 1974 , the city has been led by nine mayors .
It incorporates elements of both American rock and Pakistani classical music .
From 1954 to 1957 , Annan attended the elite Mfantsipim school , a Methodist boarding school in Cape Coast founded in the 1870s .
Located westLondon Heathrow - EGLL of Central London , England , Heathrow originally was designed to have six runways in three pairs spaced approximately 120 degrees apart but now has just two parallel main runways running east-west and five terminals .
Low resolution images were acquired of the planet and a few of its moons ; the resolution of the images was not good enough to discern surface features .
The cross of St. Andrew referred to in the law is a diagonal cross , known in vexillology as a saltire .
It is the administrative center of the Schwaz district ( Bezirk ) .
Jacob de Gheyn III , also known as Jacob III de Gheyn ( 1596 -- 1641 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age engraver , son of Jacob de Gheyn II , canon of Utrecht ( city ) , and the subject of a 1632 oil painting by Rembrandt .
His nephew , Nicolas Cage , starred in Coppola 's film Peggy Sue Got Married and was featured in Rumble Fish and The Cotton Club .
Born Olive Marie Osmond in Ogden , Utah to Olive and George Osmond , Marie Osmond was raised as a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
He that shall have the Misfortune to lose a Limb in time of Engagement , shall have the Sum of Six hundred pieces of Eight , and remain aboard as long as he shall think fit .
After 1957 , his fighting skills diminished , although Baker defeated George Chuvalo , a future Canadian champion and multiple world heavyweight title contender in the 1960s and 1970s , by unanimous decision , on September 9 , 1957 .
December 2 & ndash ; In a New York City theater , British author Charles Dickens gives his first public reading in the United States .
The cuisine of Denmark , like that in the other Nordic countries ( Finland , Norway , Iceland , and Sweden ) , as well as that of northern Germany , its neighbour to the south , consists mainly of meat and fish .
The Province of Rovigo ( Provincia di Rovigo ) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy . Its capital is the city of Rovigo .
The central pressure dropped 92 mbar ( hPa , 2.71 inHg ) from October 9 to 11 , during which the circulation pattern of Typhoon Tip increased to a record diameter of 2,220 km ( 1,380 mi ) .
Principal photography for the film was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days .
The Lady Juliana sailed before the other convict ships and is not always counted as a member of the Second Fleet .
Examples of the latter include dolphins performing traveling jumps , and Indian skitter frogs executing standing jumps from water .
Mordred or Modred ( , Medrod , etc. ) is a character in the Arthurian legend , known as a notorious traitor who fought King Arthur at the Battle of Camlann , where he was killed and Arthur fatally wounded .
Tahiti is the largest island in the Windward group of French Polynesia , located in the archipelago of Society Islands in the southern Pacific Ocean .
The former administrative county now forms part of the districts of South Lakeland and Eden .
Naomi is an English given name meaning '' enjoyment , pleasure , or gratification '' in Hebrew and Arabic .
Al-Zawahiri is under worldwide embargo by the United Nations Security Council 1267 Committee as a member or affiliate of al-Qaeda .
M ce u de Sus is a commune that can be found in Dolj County , Romania .
Two main zones are distinguished in the upper mantle : the inner asthenosphere composed of flowing rock in the state of plasticity , about 200 km thick , and the lowermost part of the lithosphere , composed of rigid rock , about 50 to 120 km thick .
Emperor Ivan Asen III of Bulgaria
The FSF holds the copyrights on various essential pieces of the GNU system , such as GNU Compiler Collection .
The innate system is thought to constitute an evolutionarily older defense strategy , and is the dominant immune system found in plants , fungi , insects , and in primitive multicellular organisms .
Vanessa Anne Hudgens ( born December 14 , 1988 ) is an American actress and singer .
Nicknamed '' Sailor '' ( for her salty speech ) , Jazz : A Film By Ken Burns , Episode 9 , 2001 .
German Pancakes or Dutch baby pancakes served in American pancake houses are bowl-shaped .
In 1903 , Hershey began construction of a chocolate plant in his hometown , Derry Church , Pennsylvania , which later came to be known as Hershey , Pennsylvania .
Travis Landon Barker ( born November 14 , 1975 ) is an American drummer and the current drummer for pop punk trio Blink-182 .
Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to regulate the flow of the river .
'' If I Never See Your Face Again '' debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart # 28 on May 26 , 2008 .
Because very early web browsers were either completely incapable of handling CSS , or render CSS very poorly , designers today often routinely use CSS filters that completely prevent these browsers from accessing any of the CSS .
The music of the Mexican part was written by Mexican composer Manuel Esperon , who wrote the score for over 540 Mexican movies in the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema .
Biéville-Quétiéville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Graz ( ; Slovene : Gradec , ) is the second-largest city in Austria after Vienna and the capital of the federal state of Styria .
Joanna Newsom ( born January 18 , 1982 ) is an American harpist , pianist and singer-songwriter from Nevada City , California .
Psilotopsida
However , the problem continued for the new revised section .
Natalya '' Natasha '' Zvereva , or Zverava ( , ; born 16 April 1971 ) is a former tennis player from Belarus .
To satisfy both the Iranian and British authorities , the couple were married three times , once in Iran and twice in the UK , in the Iranian Embassy as well as in a regular UK civil ceremony ; they have five children .
Most of the islands are mountainous , some with active volcanoes , and enjoy a wet climate .
A basic theorem about Mersenne numbers states that in order for Mn to be a Mersenne prime , the exponent n itself must be a prime number .
Livorno or until recently in English Leghorn ( ) , is a port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western edge of Tuscany , Italy .
Sir Walter Hartwell James KCMG KC ( 29 March 1863 -- 3 January 1943 ) was the fifth Premier of Western Australia and an ardent supporter of the federation movement .
June 3 & ndash ; Gasper de Portola and Father Junipero Serra establish Monterey , the presidio of Alta California territory for Spain from 1777 -- 1822 , United Mexican States 1824 -- 1846 , until the California Republic .
That floating-image table floats a typical image-box , but also allows adjusting the left-hand margin of the image ( see temple-example floating below ) .
The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang Dynasty ( ca .
SAGIS , the company that owns the circuit , hoped that the race would be reinstated at the October 2006 meeting of the FIA World Motorsport Council and scheduled for the weekend of 29 April 2007 , providing renovations to the circuit were completed in time for the race , but the reinstatement was denied .
Babbage asked the Countess of Lovelace to translate Menabrea 's paper into English , subsequently requesting that she augment the notes she had added to the translation .
Dr. Demento ranked Robert Lund 's spoof '' I Peed in the Pool '' his # 1 song of August , 2008 , and one of his Funny 25 for the year .
In The Queen v. Foxby , 6 Mod .
In 1829 , a reward of 20 pounds was offered for his capture .
Queen Cheolin , the queen consort of Cheoljong and a member of the Andong Kim clan , claimed the right to choose the next king , although traditionally the eldest queen dowager is the one with the authority to select the new king .
After World War II , Leipzig became a major urban center within the Communist German Democratic Republic .
Gesualdo returned to the palace , caught them in flagrante delicto and murdered them both in their bed .
A body ( sometimes referred to as '' coachwork '' ) , which is usually not necessary for integrity of the structure , is built on the chassis to complete the vehicle .
Existing users of the 2006 , 2007 , 2008 or 2009 versions can upgrade to the latest version of the Norton software without buying a new subscription .
It is the last day of the Gregorian year .
Aslak Brekke ( October 6 , 1901 -- 1978 ) was a prominent vocalist of one of the Scandinavian poetic genres that is referred to as stev .
The association was created to standardize rules and regulations and to promote and develop the growth of tennis in the United States .
In some cultures , an intact hymen is highly valued at marriage . Some women undergo hymenoplasty , a restoration of their hymen .
Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The British National Party ( BNP ) is a far-right and whites-only political party in the United Kingdom , formed as a splinter group of the British National Front by John Tyndall in 1982 .
Then called Urbs Dei or The Two Fatherlands , the poem described how a Christian owes his loyalties to both his homeland and the heavenly kingdom .
He strictly forbade him to meddle with any musical instrument but Handel found means to get a little clavichord privately convey 'd to a room at the top of the house .
In 1926 , Universal opened a production unit in Germany , Deutsche Universal-Film AG , under the direction of Joe Pasternak .
In announcing the prize , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said Phelps ' work had '' deepened our understanding of the relation between short-run and long-run effects of economic policy . ''
Energy conservation is using less energy to achieve a lesser energy service , and usually involves behavioural change .
The company is famous for its SEGA !
Iglesias started his musical career on Mexican label Fonovisa . This helped turn him into one of the most popular artists in Latin America and in the Hispanic or Latino market in the United States , and the biggest seller of Spanish language albums of that decade .
The Schulze method is also known as Schwartz Sequential Dropping ( SSD ) , Cloneproof Schwartz Sequential Dropping ( CSSD ) , Beatpath Method , Beatpath Winner , Path Voting , and Path Winner .
Coincidentally the first Australian-born Governor , Sir John Northcott on 1 August 1946 , was also the first Australian-born Governor of any state .
In the same year he became principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic , and held both positions until his death .
The caterpillar is banded with yellow , black , and white stripes .
Instruments similar to the banjo ( e.g. , the Japanese shamisen , Persian tar and Morroccon Sintir ) have been played in many countries .
Thus Mahavira was a reformer and propagator of an existing religion , rather than the founder of a new faith .
He was a founder of the Brabham racing team and race car constructor that bore his name .
Homer discovers Bart has Burns 's rare blood type and urges his son to donate some , promising that they will be handsomely rewarded .
Pulitzer left the university $ 2 million in his will , which led to the creation in 1912 of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , but by then at Pulitzer 's urging the Missouri School of Journalism had been created at the University of Missouri .
The game is set in the science fictional universe of the Halo series in the year 2531 , 21 years before the events of ' .
Each tale is followed by her refrain of '' And Grandpa never lies , so I know it 's so '' .
Vincent Willem van Gogh ( , ; ; 30 March 1853 - 29 July 1890 ) was a Dutch post-Impressionist painter whose work had a far-reaching influence on 20th century art for its vivid colors and emotional impact .
Forrest Gump is a American comedy-drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Winston Groom .
On 1 May 2008 , Livingstone was defeated in his third election bid by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson and his term as Mayor of London ended on 4 May 2008 .
Each game in the series challenges players with open-ended amusement park management and development , and also allows players to construct and customize their own unique roller coasters .
Interstitial cystitis ( IC ) is considered more of an injury to the bladder resulting in constant irritation and rarely involves the presence of infection .
Political asylum is similar , but not identical , to modern refugee law , which deals with massive influx of population , while the right of asylum concerns individuals and is usually delivered in a case-to-case basis .
American Heart Association and Nintendo of America Online Information Center Nintendo Power listed Wii Sports Resort along with its predecessor Wii Sports as being two of the greatest multi-player experiences in Nintendo history , stating that everyone can have fun with them , ranging from young children to grandparents .
The right to education is recognized as a human right and is understood to establish an entitlement to education .
Iron ( II ) hydroxide has also been investigated as an agent for the removal of toxic selenate and selenite ions from water systems such as wetlands .
The Honourable Society of Lincoln 's Inn is one of four Inns of Court in London to which barristers of England and Wales belong and where they are called to the Bar .
This is a scenic village , with historic buildings , the Nundle Woollen Mill , old Court House , Peel Inn and Primitive Methodist Church which are a few examples of existing 19th century architecture there .
FC Porto is an internationally lauded team , with a national record of six international titles , becoming European and World Champions twice each in the 1987 and 2004 seasons .
Islam 's historical development has affected both inside and outside the Islamic world .
The following table provides a glimpse of the changes in names and character of chess pieces as they transitioned from India through Persia to Europe : Vale 2001 : 174Murray , H. J. R. : 1913
The Bay covers somewhere between 400 and 1,600 square miles ( 1,040 to 4,160 square kilometers ) , depending on which sub-bays ( such as San Pablo Bay ) , estuaries , wetlands , and so on are included in the measurement .
In Great Britain , Stephenson 's gauge was chosen as the standard gauge on the grounds that lines built to this gauge were eight times longer than that of the rival gauge , adopted principally by the Great Western Railway .
Medusa , taken over by greed , takes possession of the diamond , rather than share it with Snoops as she had evidently promised .
This dispute originated in a disagreement over the production of his Giovanna d'Arco in 1845 ; however the composer later conducted his Requiem there on 25 May 1874 , and in 1886 announced that La Scala would host the premiere of his penultimate opera Otello .
He chose to call himself Heartfield in 1916 , to criticize the rabid nationalism and anti-British sentiment prevalent in Germany during World War I. Career In 1918 Heartfield began at the Berlin Dada scene , and the Communist Party of Germany .
The African Union ( abbreviated AU in English , and UA in its other official languages ) is a union consisting of 53 African states .
During his club career he played for Bologna , Fiorentina and Torino .
Historically , it has been known to attain heights over and is one of the tallest tree species in the world .
The year 1991 saw the formation of the Norwegian group Enslaved .
The Montevallo Public Library was founded in March 1958 under the leadership of the City of Montevallo and the Montevallo Branch of the American Association of University Women .
The term template , when used in the context of word processing software , refers to a sample '' fill-in-the-blank '' document that can be completed either by hand or through an automated iterative process , such as with a software assistant .
Series creator George Lucas originally wished Yoda to follow his other characters in having a full name : Minch Yoda , but instead opted to have many details of the character 's life history remain unknown .
Blaye is a commune and sub-prefecture in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Since their inception , the Ducks have played their home games at the Honda Center .
The flowers are purple , 3-4 mm long , produced in erect spikes .
Edguy is a metal band from Fulda , Germany that was formed in 1992 .
Mitsuo Terada , better known professionally as Tsunku } } , is a prolific Japanese record producer , songwriter , and vocalist .
Gouy-en-Ternois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sir Ernest Alexander Campbell MacMillan , CC ( August 18 , 1893 -- May 6 , 1973 ) was an internationally renowned Canadian orchestral conductor and composer , and Canada 's only '' Musical Knight '' .
The Joseon Dynasty in present-day Korea officially enters into a tributary relationship with Ming Dynasty China .
Red is used as one of the additive primary colors of light , complementary to cyan , in RGB color systems .
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships and other objects .
Some parallel Earth Cybermen did retain some memories of their pre-conversion lives , although their emotional response varied .
Jersey Girl with Ben Affleck , Liv Tyler , George Carlin and Raquel Castro was meant to mark a new direction in Smith 's career .
She remained there until age 100 , when , still in very strong health , she moved in with one of her sons .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Invincible Eleven won the championship .
Main sights The island houses the remains of a Roman villa of Domitius Ahenobarbus ( 1st-2nd centuries ) , in the area of Giglio Porto .
In 1797 , Boieldieu offered the Feydeau La famille suisse and L'heureuse nouvelle .
She continued to work for the welfare of the Pakistani people until she died in Karachi on July 8 , 1967 .
When Antonio was 13 years old , he moved with his family to Connecticut , in the United States .
Auburn 's economy is centered around Auburn University and providing university-affiliated services .
This was followed by the nomadic people who settled around the modern town around 4,500 BC as farmers cleaning the area of woodland and building monuments .
Conrad Thomas Lant ( aka Cronos ) ( born 15 January 1963 , London ) Cronos and Abbadon Interview ( www.fortunecity.com ) is a musician who is the vocalist and bass player of the influential black metal/thrash metal band Venom , from 1979 to 1987 and from 1995 to this day .
Humans host three different kinds of lice : head lice , body lice ( which live mainly in clothing ) , and pubic lice .
Does not engage in consensus building : repeatedly disregards other editors ' questions or requests for explanations concerning edits or objections to edits ; repeatedly disregards other editors ' explanations for their edits .
A depression formed over Southeast Bay of Bengal on December 15 .
The Great Seal of the United States is used to authenticate certain documents issued by the United States federal government .
The album has since gone twice platinum in Canada , selling over 200,000 units .
cities ' populations are the number of humans living in that city .
The Amor asteroids are a group of near-Earth asteroids named after the asteroid 1221 Amor .
The oblast is also referred to as the Transcarpathian Oblast , Transcarpathia , Zakarpattya , or historically as Subcarpathian Rus .
SmackDown has also aired live on occasion .
The James Norris Memorial Trophy has been awarded 54 times to 23 different players since its beginnings in 1954 .
Effects managers such as xcompmgr and transset-df can add true transparency to desktop elements and windows .
Coolidge 's younger son , Calvin , Jr. , developed a blister from playing tennis on the White House courts .
Standard Route To take advantage of the good weather and long hours of daylight , most attempts are made in the summer months , and follow a common pattern , employed because it has proven to be the easiest way of achieving success .
Telescopes can also be classified by where they are place , such as space telescopes .
Damblainville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Since the water molecule is not linear and the oxygen atom has a higher electronegativity than hydrogen atoms , it carries a slight negative charge charge , whereas the hydrogen atoms are slightly positive .
There are several buildings on both the north and the south side of the Military Demarcation Line , and a few are built right on top of the MDL .
When a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .
The Faisal Mosque in Islamabad is the largest mosque in Pakistan and South Asia and one of the largest mosques in the world .
Although different parts of the lavender flower are various shades of lavender , the color displayed at right matches a pixel that from the sample that is a medium shade ( not extremely dark or extremely light ) of all the pixels in the photograph of the lavender flower in the Wikipedia article on the lavender plant .
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field , or HUDF , is an image of a small region of space in the constellation Fornax , composited from Hubble Space Telescope data accumulated over a period from September 24 , 2003 through January 16 , 2004 .
Robson found success not only as a choreographer and tour director but also as the host and executive producer for The Wade Robson Project which aired on MTV in 2003 .
More recent genetic studies have proposed three groups within the genus , with a primary division into North American and Eurasian species , and a secondary division of the Eurasian into northern short-bracted species and southern long-bracted species ; Semerikov & Lascoux 1999 ; Wei and Wang 2003 , 2004 ; Gros-Louis et al .
They requested Soviet troops to provide security and to assist in the fight against the mujahideen rebels .
It is part of their Movia family .
Historically , thermodynamics developed out of a need to increase the efficiency of early steam engines , particularly through the work of French physicist Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot (/O1824/O) who believed that engine efficiency was the key that could help France win the Napoleonic Wars .
He also wrote drinking songs in German , and contrasting with his parallel work in the genre of the chanson , he also wrote songs on the unfortunate aspects of overindulgence .
Authorised in 1854 , along with a line from to , the line opened on 1 June 1859 .
The various universes within the multiverse are sometimes called parallel universes .
Near the High Street , there is a change in soil type from sandy to clay , which gives rise to local underground springs .
Her temple was erected on the Island of Seheil .
The fact that the Althing was founded more than one thousand years ago makes Iceland one of the world 's oldest democratic countries .
After three ruling Lancastrian monarchs , the crown passed to three Yorkist monarchs , the last of whom , Richard III , was killed in battle during 1485 .
Amanda Peet ( born January 11 , 1972 ) is an American actress , who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
The album 's second official single , '' How to Touch a Girl '' , experienced less success .
This creature is found in the freshwater streams and lakes in Mexico , Central and South America to Argentina , and is the only living aquatic marsupial .
It is a favorite of music teachers and young children , along with Prokofiev 's Peter and the Wolf and Britten 's The Young Person 's Guide to the Orchestra .
The capture and subsequent trial of Charles led to his beheading in January 1649 at Whitehall Gate in London , making England a republic .
Towns and villages near-by are : Parkes , Bedgerebong , Bundbarrah , Corradgery , Daroobalgie , Eugowra , Ooma North and Paytens Bridge .
Meanwhile , Cory expresses her concerns about Michael 's change in behavior .
These dogs are almost certainly the ancestors of the European Spitz-types , such as the German Spitz and Schipperke .
It is worth emphasizing that those distant regions of space are taken to exist and be part of reality as much as we are ; yet we can never interact with them .
Hobart is a city in Lake County , Indiana , United States .
Huntington , known as the '' Lime City '' , is the largest city in and the county seat of Huntington County , Indiana , United States .
March 29 & ndash ; Yaoya Oshichi , young Japanese girl burned at the stake for arson ( b. 1667 )
Some hard SF authors have distinguished themselves as working scientists , including Gregory Benford , Geoffrey A. Landis and David Brin , while mathematician authors include Rudy Rucker and Vernor Vinge .
Mazion is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
He released a string of albums whose titles , including Bo Diddley Is a Gunslinger and Have Guitar , Will Travel , were bolstered his self-invented legend .
The best students enter the University of Botswana , Botswana College of Agriculture , and The Botswana Accountancy College in Gaborone .
The Antarctic Circle is one of the five major circles ( or parallels ) of latitude that mark maps of the Earth .
Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels , known in Japan as , is a platformer video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Famicom Disk System .
The President 's signature is required for enacting most EU laws and the EU budget .
Kirby , Indiana
Rather , they plot each star on a graph measuring the star 's absolute magnitude or brightness against its temperature and color .
San Mamés Stadium
Mini-schools typically have themes ( such as pirates or the circus ) and consist of a range of fun and educational activities .
The current premier of Victoria is Mr John Brumby .
Other business units within this segment include The UPS Store and UPS Capital .
OpenOffice.org Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite .
Q fever is a disease caused by infection with Coxiella burnetii , a bacterium that affects humans and other animals .
ECW is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , based on the independent Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) promotion that lasted from 1992 to 2001 , that airs on Syfy in the United States as ECW on Syfy .
The first verified gold find in the fledgling United States , young Reed 's discovery became the genesis of the nation 's first gold rush .
L'Herbergement is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
In both 1913 and 1915 the city suffered only slight damage in large earthquakes .
A component of the American Christian right , it is active in promoting interdenominational work toward its views on social conservative public policy .
The nearest land is uninhabited Starbuck Island , 110 n to the southwest .
The company 's first major success came when the Weinsteins teamed up with British producer Martin Lewis and acquired the U.S. rights to two concert films Lewis had produced of benefit shows for human rights organization Amnesty International .
King Athelstan succeeds to the throne of Mercia .
Mac OS X v10 .3 '' Panther '' was released on October 24 , 2003 .
Schlatt bei Diessenhofen is a municipality in the district of Diessenhofen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Stories on how Gaye eventually met Berry Gordy and how he signed to Motown Records vary .
In an unusual situation , the track reached number six on the Hot Rap Tracks , an unlikely supporter of the song .
Jennifer Karin-Luise Hof ( born May 15 , 1991 ) is a German fashion model and winner of the third cycle of Germany 's Next Topmodel .
The name is derived from the word okonomi , meaning '' what you like '' or '' what you want '' , and yaki meaning '' grilled '' or '' cooked '' ( cf .
Russia was declared the winner , with Jim Beanz and Dima Bilan 's song '' Believe '' performed by Bilan .
He is best known for his role on the BBC TV show Top Gear along with co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May .
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle , Washington .
She also started competing for Maryland Championship Wrestling , where she trained at camps run by Ricky Morton and Bobby Eaton .
His wife , Monique Olivier exposed him after hearing the news of another child murderer 's wife ( Michelle Martin , wife of Marc Dutroux ) being convicted .
'' Icon '' ( Stargate SG-1 ) , a 2004 television episode of Stargate SG-1
Despite Microsoft 's involvement , MSX-based machines were seldom seen in the United States and Britain ( although heavily advertised by Toshiba in the UK ) , but they were popular in other markets .
The municipality of Rosignano Marittimo contains the frazioni ( subdivisions , mainly villages and hamlets ) Castiglioncello , Rosignano Solvay , Vada , Castelnuovo della Misericordia , Gabbro , and Nibbiaia .
A tornado ( often referred to as a twister or , erroneously , a cyclone ) is a violent , dangerous , rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or , in rare cases , the base of a cumulus cloud .
He played centre-forward for the celebrated Austria national team of the early 1930s known as the Wunderteam , which he captained at the 1934 World Cup .
In 2004 , he won an Ivor Novello Award for Best Composer of the year .
The axles in this system must also bear the weight of the vehicle plus any cargo .
Because the Islamic calendar is a lunar calendar , eleven days shorter than the Gregorian calendar used in the Western world , the Gregorian date of the Hajj changes from year to year .
The AFI Conservatory focuses on training through hands-on experience with established artists .
He released a series of videos under the CKY banner and came to prominence after being drafted into MTV 's Jackass crew .
They currently live in Malibu with their mother , father , three sisters Georgina ( also an actress ) , Lola , and Bianca Rosso , and their dog , a Coton de Tulear named Aika , and attend Malibu High School .
As of May 2007 , it was the twelfth-largest religious body in the world , and the sixth-largest highly international religious body .
Dubai came under the protection of the United Kingdom by the '' Exclusive Agreement '' of 1892 , with the latter agreeing to protect Dubai against any attacks from the Ottoman Empire .
Waterloo station , also known as London Waterloo , is a major railway terminus in central London , owned and operated by Network Rail .
A spheroid , or ellipsoid of revolution is a quadric surface obtained by rotating an ellipse about one of its principal axes ; in other words , an ellipsoid with two equal semi-diameters .
Before 1866 , its northern neighbour was its former sister Landgraviate , since 1803 an Electorate , of Hessen-Kassel -- for this reason , this state was sometimes known as Hesse-Darmstadt .
The cloister and the chapel date from the seventeenth century .
Hermes Conrad ( Phil LaMarr ) : Hermes is the Jamaican accountant of Planet Express .
After their split , London began competing in the cruiserweight division , and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship once .
T911 Alicron
The Xbox Live service is available as both a free and subscription-based service , known as Xbox Live Free and Xbox Live Gold respectively , with several features such as online gaming restricted to the Gold service .
Hamars is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Breeches ( pronounced ) are an item of male clothing covering the body from the waist down , with separate coverings for each leg , usually stopping just below the knee , though in some cases reaching to the ankles .
The Rebel Alliance learn that the Empire has been constructing a new Death Star , larger and more powerful than the first .
A rim of beeswax may be applied to the mouthpiece end .
It lies on the north bank of the River Thames , southwest of the City of London and southwest of Charing Cross .
In Japan , people of all ages read manga .
The word is derived from the Latin root alere meaning '' to nurse , to rear , or to nourish '' , and refers to the need for young to be fed and taken care of for a long duration .
His famous medley Fantasia on British Sea Songs , prepared for the 1905 centenary celebrations of the Battle of Trafalgar , is well known for its frequent appearances at the Last Night of the Proms , though in fact this has often been arranged further by others .
In mathematics , a finite set is a set that has a finite number of elements .
Greek Wikipedia
Technical Report No/O. .
Leighton John Baines ( born 11 December 1984 in Liverpool , Merseyside , England ) is an English footballer , who plays left-back for Everton in the English Premier League .
Paul Watzlawick ( July 25 , 1921 - March 31 , 2007 ) was an Austrian-American psychologist and philosopher .
Nurhaci was part of the Aisin Gioro clan , and reigned from 1616 to his death in September 1626 .
He became famous in 1985 after being cast as Mike Seaver in the ABC television sitcom Growing Pains .
Patnitop or Patni Top , is a hill top tourist location in Udhampur district , in Jammu and Kashmir , India , on the National Highway 1A , on the way from Udhampur to Srinagar , 112 km from Jammu .
Emma Caulfield ( born April 8 , 1973 ) is an American actress best known for her role as ex-demon Anya on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , as well as Susan Keats , a love interest of Brandon Walsh 's on the television series Beverly Hills , 90210 .
Pharmacists ( with a 5 year higher tertiary education )
This 100 km highway of ice connects two ancient mountain kingdoms , Nagar ( immediately south of Hunza ) in the west with Baltistan in the east .
Writer Larry McMurtry referred to Abbey as the '' Thoreau of the American West '' .
December 13 -- Bertold von Regensburg , German preacher
link
These are a rare example of non-metallic coins .
Examples of wave-like phenomena are sound waves , light , and water waves .
April 14 -- Seven Years War -- Battle of Bergen : A French army defeats Ferdinand , Duke of Brunswick .
Bynum is a town in Hill County in Central Texas .
Publication history '' The Tell-Tale Heart '' was first published in the Boston-based magazine The Pioneer in January 1843 , edited by James Russell Lowell .
He established and conducted the monastery choir until 1896 when he went to Berlin , enrolled the Kaiser Friedrich Wilhelm University and studied music at the private conservatory of Prof. Richard Schmidt .
Oxford English Dictionary : '' The ceramic material was apparently so named on account of the resemblance of its translucent surface to the nacreous shell of the mollusc .
The various editions of Dungeons & Dragons have won many Origins Awards , including All Time Best Roleplaying Rules of 1977 , Best Roleplaying Rules of 1989 , and Best Roleplaying Game of 2000 for the three flagship editions of the game . Both Dungeons & Dragons and Advanced Dungeons & Dragons are Origins Hall of Fame Games inductees as they were deemed sufficiently distinct to merit separate inclusion on different occasions .
Chad Javon OchocincoLegal name changing papers ( born Chad Javon Johnson on January 9 , 1978 , in Bengals ' Johnson talks the talk but walks the walk ) is an American football wide receiver for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League .
Mumps or epidemic parotitis is a viral disease of the human species , caused by the mumps virus .
It organizes the football league , Armenian Premier League , Armenian national football team , and the Armenia women 's national football team .
He has held the titles of General Secretary of the Communist Party of China since 2002 , President of the People 's Republic of China since 2003 , and Chairman of the Central Military Commission since 2004 , succeeding Jiang Zemin as the top leader of fourth generation leadership of the Communist Party of China .
A medieval recipe includes cubeb in making sauce sarcenes , which consists of almond milk and several spices .
The phage infects a bacterium by attaching to its outer membrane and injecting its genetic material , leaving its empty shell attached to the bacterium .
Saint-Laurent-du-Mont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Lignereuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The war between the British and First French Empires stretched around the world .
Morphology ( materials science ) , the study of shape , size , texture and phase distribution of physical objects .
On March 6 , 1812 , Lehigh County was formed from the western half of Northampton County , and Northampton Town was selected as the county seat .
The American Ornithologists ' Union has treated Poecile as a distinct genus for some time .
The Council of the Isles of Scilly is a separate unitary authority to the Cornwall Council unitary authority , and as such the islands are not part of the administrative county of Cornwall .
Clive Barker was born in Liverpool , England , the son of Joan Rubie ( née Revill ) , a painter and school welfare officer , and Leonard Barker , a personnel director for an industrial relations firm .
During her time with the Gang , Sturm was often selected to go into shops to buy things because it was believed that she was the one who looked the most bourgeois .
Marton and Copse Road Depots closed in 1963 and Bispham Depot in 1966 .
It was set for release in North America on February 6 , 2009 , but was moved to August 2009 , then to May 22 , 2009 .
Dr Colin MacKenzie ( knighted in 1929 ) set up the Institute of Anatomical Research in 1920 on 78 a of land which had formerly been part of the Coranderrk Aboriginal Reserve .
Leonov believes the first boom he heard was that of the jet breaking the sound barrier , and the second was Gagarin 's plane crashing .
At this time the season consisted of nights dedicated to particular composers ; Mondays were Wagner , Fridays were Beethoven , with other major composers being featured on other days .
It is a proprietary archive file format that supports data compression , error recovery , and file spanning .
An exclamation mark , exclamation point , or bang ( ! )
Youngstown is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Mahoning County ; it also extends into Trumbull County .
After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta , Georgia for high school , Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech ( 1980-84 ) , Scott Michaux Coach takes pressure in stride , Augusta Chronicle , January 28 , 2009 .
The screenplay , written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples , is based loosely on the novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
Mountains .
Retrieved on May 28 , 2008 .
She received the Library of Congress Living Legends award in the Writers and Artists category in April 2000 for her significant contributions to the cultural heritage of the United States .
The formation of the Isthmus of Panama joined the two continents two to three million years ago , precipitating the Great American Interchange , an important biogeographical event .
'' Before I Forget '' is a Grammy Award winning song by Slipknot and the third single from their 2004 album Vol .
Mama 's Family is an American television sitcom that premiered on NBC on January 22 , 1983 .
By the next morning , Chun and his fellow eleventh class military academy graduates including Major General Roh Tae-woo , commanding general of 9th Infantry Division and Major General Jeong Ho-yong were in charge of the Korean military .
Saint-Germain-de-Livet is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The United States Census Bureau has four official regions , with nine official divisions .
Thoroughly embarrassed , the Count allows Cherubino to stay .
Bagpuss is a popular 1974 UK children 's television series , made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate through their company Smallfilms .
It appears the first skateboards to reach public notice came out of the surfing craze of the early 1960 's , probably just wooden boards with roller-skate wheels attached .
Acanthomyops creightoni Wing , 1968
Browneyed Soul ( , also written Brown Eyed Soul ) is a Korean RnB group who released their debut album , Soul Free , in September , 2003 .
Marques Haynes ( born October 3 , 1926 ) is an American former professional basketball player and member of the Harlem Globetrotters , notable for his remarkable ability to dribble the ball and keep it away from defenders .
Tetanus , also called lockjaw , is a medical condition characterized by a prolonged contraction of skeletal muscle fibers .
Hallstatt , Upper Austria is a village in the Salzkammergut , a region in Austria .
During the journey , Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah ( Carla Gugino ) who 's never had a human family , but is forced to leave her behind by Shadow and Riley ( voiced by Sinbad ) , the leader of Delilah 's pack .
The original two-hour pilot was the last episode to be aired on Fox .
The plane crashed in a field in Stonycreek Township , near Shanksville , in Somerset County , Pennsylvania , about southeast of Pittsburgh and northwest of Washington , D.C. , killing all on board including 40 passengers and crew and four hijackers .
In many religious traditions , Hell is a place of suffering and punishment in the afterlife .
Trade union , an organization of workers
Lassalle came from a prosperous Jewish family in Loslau later Breslau , Silesia ; his father was a silk-merchant and intended his son for a business career , sending him to the commercial school at Leipzig .
populationof = popofyear =
Douglas Noel Adams ( 11 March 1952 11 May 2001 ) was an English writer , dramatist , and musician .
The official forecasts continued to predict weakening and eventual dissipation but the storm defied them and remained at hurricane strength for several days .
In many variations of the Sicilian , Black makes a number of further pawn moves in the opening ( for example , ... d6 , ... e6 , ... a6 , and ... b5 ) .
Smaller hanami celebrations in Taiwan , Korea , Philippines and China also take place .
Although acquitted at Nuremberg , von Papen was reclassified as a war criminal in 1947 by a German de-Nazification court , and sentenced to eight years ' hard labour .
Footnotes and sources Hugh Thomas , The Spanish Civil War , 4th Rev. Ed .
Avenel was the hometown of Ned Kelly in his younger years , where he saved a boy from drowning in the local Hughes Creek .
The William M. Jennings Trophy is an annual award given to '' the goalkeeper ( s ) having played a minimum of 25 games for the team with the fewest goals scored against it .
Conrad II , Holy Roman Emperor ( approximate )
End Sub End Class Both Visual Basic 6 and Visual Basic .
December & ndash ; Frederick II of Hohenstaufen is crowned King of Germany with the support of Pope Innocent III .
Events March 26 -- Pope John XIX crowns Conrad II Holy Roman Emperor .
The final judgement upheld Livingstone 's appeal and stated that the Adjudication Panel had misdirected itself , although the judge stated that the Mayor should have apologised .
In computing , a process is an instance of a computer program , consisting of one or more threads , that is being sequentially executedKnott 1974 , p. 8 by a computer system that has the ability to run several computer programs concurrently .
Eragon is the first book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini .
In 1952 the districts of Bad Doberan and Rostock-Land were established .
Naujac-sur-Mer is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Saglio , '' Glirarium '' .
Burke County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
Classed as a Premium Station , it is in Metcard Zone 1 .
The baptismal record gives his name in Latinized form as Joannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart .
Selected by NASA in May 2004 as an Astronaut Candidate .
Mar 28 -- Hump Day , British Antarctic Survey .
Early history The first British settlement in the Bombay Presidency was in 1618 , when the East India Company established a factory at Surat in present-day Gujarat , protected by a charter obtained from the Mughal Emperor Jahangir .
Another detainee in the camp was James Chadwick who was later to receive the Nobel Prize for his work on the discovery of the neutron .
Sammy Adjei ( born September 1 1980 in Accra , Ghana ) is a Ghanaian international footballer who currently plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC .
These high-energy stellar winds blow stellar wind bubbles .
The island was called the Isle of Pines ( Isla de Pinos ) until it was renamed in 1978 .
Though a peaceful people , the Kavirondo fight well .
Sullivan began by teaching Helen Keller nouns using the sign language alphabet signed into Keller 's palm that had been developed by Spanish monks in medieval times .
McGill is originally from Chicago , Illinois , growing up in the city 's Chatham neighborhood .
The third-floor attic was converted to living quarters in 1927 by augmenting the existing hip roof with long shed dormers .
Overview It was performed in 18 teams , and Boca Juniors won the championship .
The same year , Kevin Smith invited Dushku to be a part of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , where she co-starred with Shannon Elizabeth , Ali Larter , and Ben Affleck .
In an effort to colonize the wilderness especially of southwest France , almost seven hundred new towns were built between 1222 ( Cordes-sur-Ciel , Tarn ) and 1372 ( La Bastide d'Anjou , Tarn ) .
Google was founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were students at Stanford University and the company was first incorporated as a privately held company on September 4 , 1998 .
He also fell in love with Aloysia Weber , one of four daughters in a musical family .
Doubt brings into question some notion of a perceived '' reality '' , and may involve delaying or rejecting relevant action out of concerns for mistakes or faults or appropriateness .
Gillard was born in 1961 in Barry , Wales .
Walthamstow is a town in the London Borough of Waltham Forest , North East London , England , located north east of Charing Cross .
Cystitis is a term that refers to urinary bladder inflammation that results from any one of a number of distinct syndromes .
In a bid to drive sales of the system , Pixar employee John Lasseter -- who had long been creating short demonstration animations , such as Luxo Jr. , to show off the device 's capabilities -- premiered his creations at SIGGRAPH , the computer graphics industry 's largest convention , to great fanfare .
It is , essentially , the far-northern equivalent of the Eastern and Western Grey Kangaroos .
MNM made their debut in WWE as a villainous tag team on the April 14 , 2005 , edition of SmackDown ! .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle which includes a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
An application-specific integrated circuit ( ASIC ) is an integrated circuit ( IC ) customized for a particular use , rather than intended for general-purpose use .
In cryptography , a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers , named after the German-born physicist and cryptographer Horst Feistel who did pioneering research while working for IBM ( USA ) ; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network .
Muslims consider Jesus ( under the name Isa ) to be the second-to-last Prophet , and Muhammad to have been the very last Prophet .
The Liberal Party of the Philippines ( Filipino : Partido Liberal ng Pilipinas ) is a liberal party in the Philippines , founded by then senators Manuel Roxas , Elpidio Quirino , and Jose Avelino , on November 24 , 1945 by a breakaway Liberal group from the Nacionalista Party . It is current ruling party after the election victory of Benigno Aquino III as the President of the Philippines .
Daniel Munthe Agger ( born 12 December 1984 ) is a Danish footballer , who plays as a central defender for Premier League side Liverpool .
Larry Holmes ( born November 3 , 1949 , in Cuthbert , Georgia ) is a former world WBC and IBF heavyweight boxing champion .
Interstate 49 ( I-49 ) is currently an intrastate Interstate Highway located entirely within the state of Louisiana in the southern United States .
Its orbit averages 5,513,400 km in radius , but is highly eccentric and varies from 1,372,000 to 9,655,000 kilometres .
Revolution Studios was an American film production company founded in 2000 by Joe Roth , a former chairman of Walt Disney Studios and 20th Century Fox .
After receiving his '' eternal problem '' inspiration , Harrison played some chords to the 6\/8 time signature , and added a bluesy bridge .
Mature individuals are goblet-shaped , on relatively long stalks .
Michael Ellis ( C )
It is a subsidiary of eBay launched in March 2005 .
It is quite large , being about 28 km in diameter , and would be a sizeable asteroid by itself .
Melbourne is the busiest airport for international export freight as of September 2010 , while second busiest for import freight .
Alessandro Scarlatti ( 2 May 1660 -- 24 October 1725 ) was an Italian Baroque composer especially famous for his operas and chamber cantatas .
Mankato and North Mankato have a combined population of nearly 53,000 . It completely encompasses the town of Skyline .
In 1817 he deemed the area '' unfit for white settlement '' .
The era from from August 1293 through April 1299 .
The crust is underlain by the mantle .
Tommy Atkins ( often just Tommy ) is a term for a common soldier in the British Army that was already well established in the nineteenth century , but is particularly associated with World War I/O. It can be used as a term of reference , or as a form of address .
Jean-Antoine Watteau ( ; October 10 , 1684 - July 18 , 1721 ) was a French painter whose brief career spurred the revival of interest in color and movement ( in the tradition of Correggio and Rubens ) , and revitalized the waning Baroque idiom , which eventually became known as Rococo .
The perfect use pregnancy rate of condoms is 2 % per year .
Chanel was born on 19 August 1883 in the small town of Saumur in France .
Sunlight is a natural example of a light beam when filtered through various mediums ( clouds , foliage , windows , etc ) .
Most published reports give 1929 as the birth year , for convenience .
Obermumpf is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The pitfall trap has evolved independently in at least two other groups .
In 1973 , he graduated from Detroit Country Day School , a high school , and now sits on its board of directors .
The inventor of Slush Puppies previously stayed on West Avenue .
The poem , set in 18th century England , tells the story of a nameless highwayman who is in love with Bess , a landlord 's ( innkeeper ) daughter .
Maxinquaye , named after Tricky 's late mother Maxine Quaye , received great critical acclaim upon release .
For repeated vandalism by an anonymous IP address it is helpful to take the following additional steps :
As with other non-functional requirements , usability can not be directly measured but must be quantified by means of indirect measures or attributes such as , for example , the number of reported problems with ease-of-use of a system .
Year 1867 ( MDCCCLXVII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Sunday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
This is intended for compounds that contain iron in their composition .
In the 16th and 17th centuries , trade expanded to the Baltic Countries .
Baker served as the Chief of Staff in President Ronald Reagan 's first administration and in the final year of the administration of President George H. W. Bush .
By studying such fossils with an electron microscope , they found melanosomes preserved in a fossil Confuciusornis specimen , IVPP V13171 .
James , William , The Will to Believe , 1895 ; and earlier in 1895 , as cited in OED 's new 2003 entry for '' multiverse '' : '' 1895 W. JAMES in Internat .
During World War II he was awarded the Iron Cross I & II class during the Battle of France in 1940 as part of the 13th Company , SS Infantry Regiment Germania , which was armed with small caliber Artillery guns .
The cones from a handful of species , especially Juniperus communis , are used as a spice , particularly in European cuisine , and also give gin its distinguishing flavor .
In a letter dated 7 November 1959 Zhou told Nehru that the LAC consisted of '' the so-called McMahon Line in the east and the line up to which each side exercises actual control in the west '' .
Little is said of Holmes 's family .
History The suburb is named after Lake Joondalup , on the banks of which the suburb resides .
Pope John Paul II beatified Fra Angelico on October 3 , 1982 and in 1984 declared him patron of Catholic artists .
In the early years of the republic , Rome 's enemies were located in central Italy , so campaigns lasted a few months .
Cider apples are typically too tart and astringent to eat fresh , but they give the beverage a rich flavor that dessert apples can not .
September 30 , 1948 ) , second wife of Theodore Roosevelt , was First Lady of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
In the 1770s , British attempts to exert more-stringent control on the thirteen colonies -- primarily via taxation -- prompted Bostonians to initiate the American Revolution .
Edward Anthony Jenner ( 17 May 1749 - 26 January 1823 ) was an English scientist who studied his natural surroundings in Berkeley , Gloucestershire .
Saint-Hilaire-Cottes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1857 , he started a charity organization called Spurgeon 's which now works globally .
There are several different types of white blood cells .
Hyssop should be grown in full sun on well drained soil , and will benefit from occasional clipping .
Hilton 's father , the headmaster of Chapel End School in Walthamstow , was one of the inspirations for the character of Mr. Chipping in Goodbye , Mr. Chips .
The ring particles are made almost entirely of water ice , with some contamination from dust and other chemicals .
Use of mebibyte and related units is endorsed by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) and the International Committee for Weights and Measures ( CIPM ) in contexts where use of a binary prefix makes sense , in order to protect the unambiguous definition of the unit prefix mega .
It is the sole member of the Thule dynamical group .
Northamptonshire ( or ; archaically , the County of Northampton ; abbreviated Northants .
Earthsea became the setting for a further six books , beginning with A Wizard of Earthsea , first published in 1968 , and continuing with The Tombs of Atuan , The Farthest Shore , Tehanu , Tales from Earthsea and The Other Wind .
Margaret was ill , and she died on 16 November 1093 , three days after the deaths of her husband and eldest son .
History Chopsticks originated in ancient China as early as the Shang dynasty ( 1766-1122 BC ) , .
During those three games , he did n't score any points nor did he earn any penalty minutes .
A piano trio is a group of piano and two other instruments , usually a violin and a cello , or a piece of music written for such a group .
For other uses , see State .
The '' Big Four '' bands of thrash metal are Anthrax , Megadeth , Metallica and Slayer , Get Thrashed : The Story of Thrash Metal ( Review ) .
Huclier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Betty Aberlin ( born December 30 , 1942 ) is an American actress , poet , and writer .
Seth Rogen ( born April 15 , 1982 ) is a Canadian comedian , screenwriter , voice artist , film producer , and actor .
Human hands contain fourteen digital bones , also called phalanges , or phalanx bones : two in the thumb ( the thumb has no middle phalanx ) and three in each of the four fingers .
Saint-Michel-sous-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Connacht ( or according to the Oxford English Dictionary -- -- ) , formerly anglicised as Connaught , is the western province of Ireland , consisting of the counties Galway , Leitrim , Mayo , Roscommon and Sligo .
When shooting in widescreen , Disney had nearly always used a matted widescreen or filmed the movie in CinemaScope .
By 1965 , Fortran IV was supposed to be the '' standard '' and in compliance with American Standards Association X3 .4.3 FORTRAN Working Group .
The album combines the band 's first two EPs : Screaming Life (/O1987/O) and Fopp (/O1988/O) .
It was produced by 20th Century Fox Television .
On 14 January 1896 , the first public film show was presented at the Queen 's Hall to members and wives of the Royal Photographic Society , by the maker of the Kineopticon and Fellow of the society , Birt Acres and his colleague , Arthur Melbourne-Cooper .
The Council of Constance is the 15th ecumenical council recognized by the Roman Catholic Church , held from 1414 to 1418 .
He is signed on the Raw brand .
Most of the gastropods of the Palaeozoic era belong to primitive groups , a few of which still survive today .
Born to a dog demon father and human mother , InuYasha is a half-dog demon who initially wants to use the power of the Sacred Shikon Jewel to become a full-fledged demon like his brother , Sesshomaru .
Onew collaborated with Lee Hyun Ji , former member of project group Banana Girl , for his song '' Vanilla Love '' and with label-mate , Jessica of Girls ' Generation for the song '' Il Nyeon Hu ( One Year Later ) '' .
Frequently it is abbreviated to maths ( math in American English ) , especially when describing arithmetic , geometry or basic algebra as taught to teenagers ( as pupils ) .
Franklin Edmundo Rijkaard ( born 30 September 1962 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch football manager and former player .
The intact horseradish root has hardly any aroma .
In the locality of Punta Falcone is an astronomical observatory , created in 1976 .
Allvar Gullstrand ( 5 June 1862 , - 28 July 1930 ) was a Swedish ophthalmologist .
He was the younger brother of Anton Rubinstein and a close friend of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
Some of the books of the New Testament condemn docetic teachings and the early creeds developed to counter docetic beliefs . 1st century Gnostic Christian groups developed docetic interpretations partly as a way to make Christian teachings more acceptable to pagan ways of thinking of divinity .
The marriage produced three children , only one of whom survived infancy but had no further progeny .
Sanam Luang was still the place for kite flying . King Rama VI again used the place in the same manner as former kings to perform various ceremonies .
Volume is how much three-dimensional space a substance ( solid , liquid , gas , or plasma ) or shape occupies or contains ,
Both the input ( plaintext ) and output ( ciphertext ) are the same length ; the output can not be shorter than the input -- this follows logically from the Pigeonhole principle and the fact that the cipher must be reversible -- and it is undesirable for the output to be longer than the input .
The city hosts the Indian Wells Masters- now known by its current sponsorship name of BNP Paribas Open -- one of the nine tournaments in the Masters 1000 of high-level events operated by the Association of Tennis Professionals .
He advocated interventionist government policy , by which governments would use fiscal and monetary measures to mitigate the adverse effects of business cycles , economic recessions , and depressions .
External links Classical historical works Works at LacusCurtius .
Health With a life span of ten to twelve years or so , Shikoku need to be properly taken care of , like every other dog .
The version appearing on the Fierce Panda release was a home recorded song , supposedly recorded in a single room .
The Washington Post ( favourable ) -- link ( Queen Archives )
In 1598 , a succession dispute between the daughters of Ferdinando Stanley , 5th Earl of Derby and Ferdinando Stanley 's brother , William Stanley was heard .
As an understudy to Fred Rogers , he traveled to Canada in 1963 to work for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on an early version of Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood .
As Molotov noted , '' What happens to Berlin , happens to Germany ; what happens to Germany , happens to Europe .
By 1822 Nash had finished his work on the Marine Pavilion , which was now transformed into the Royal Pavilion .
Danger to humans The gharial is not a man-eater .
The enraged monk sought help of the Saka ruler , a '' Sahi '' , in Sakasthana . Despite heavy odds ( but aided by miracles ) the Saka king defeated Gardabhilla and made him a captive .
Places named after the stone include Marblehead , Ohio ; Marble Arch , London ; the Sea of Marmara ; India 's Marble Rocks ; and the towns of Marble , Minnesota ; Marble , Colorado ; and Marble Hill , Manhattan , New York .
The southern gatehouse , the Stone Gateway , became the scene of one of London 's most notorious sights : a display of the severed heads of traitors , impaled on pikes and dipped in tar to preserve them against the elements .
The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system owned by the City of New York and leased to the New York City Transit Authority , Hood , Clifton .
It is a concept not necessarily confined to formal Elasticity Theory which primarily develops an analytical understanding of the mechanics of solid bodies and materials .
Louis IX ( 25 April 1214 -- 25 August 1270 ) , commonly Saint Louis , was King of France from 1226 until his death .
In mathematics , in addition to its geometric meaning , a diagonal is also used in matrices to refer to a set of entries along a diagonal line .
Interstate 83 ( abbreviated I-83 ) is an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States .
Because nuclear weapons are generally considered the most important of state secrets , all nations with nuclear weapons have strict restrictions against the giving of information relating to nuclear weapon design , stockpiles , delivery systems , and deployment .
