During the summer , they accumulate fat in their bodies , to nourish them through the hibernation period .
The GLA is different from the Corporation of the City of London with its largely ceremonial Lord Mayors , which controls only the square mile of the City , London 's chief financial centre .
Henrietta Maria married Charles I of England during a brief period in which England 's pro-Spanish policy was replaced by a pro-French policy .
While a live CD typically does not alter any operating system or files already installed on a computer 's secondary storage ( such as hard disk drives ) , many live CDs include mechanisms and utilities for altering the host computer 's data stores , including installation of an operating system .
In general , they can be defined as the simplest mechanisms that use mechanical advantage ( also called leverage ) to multiply force .
The title is a reference to a fictional animal on the planet Victoria which early colonists called heron because of some superficial similarities to Earth heron .
Ralph Miliband , Class and class power in contemporary capitalism , in : Stanislaw Kozyr-Kowalski and Jacek Tittenbrun , On Social Differentiation .
Some scientists even concluded that life may have begun on Earth in hydrothermal vents far under the ocean 's surface .
Kengen is also a town in the Jomoro district in the Western Region of Ghana .
Mistletoe is commonly used as a Christmas decoration , though such use was rarely alluded to until the 18th century .
Hyderabad district is subdivided into 4 talukas , the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka .
Due to its ease of measurement and calculation , it is the most widely used diagnostic tool to identify weight problems within a population , usually whether individuals are underweight , overweight or obese .
The list was unveiled by the American Film Institute on June 14 , 2000 .
Tre Valli Varesine , ( 1941 , 1948 , 1955 )
This is a summary of the 2003 Major League Soccer season in the United States .
In music theory , the circle of fifths ( or circle of fourths ) shows the relationships among the twelve tones of the chromatic scale , their corresponding key signatures , and the associated major and minor keys .
G-string Gee-string , gee string A type of thong consisting of a narrow piece of material that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips .
Toumanoff , Cyril .
The biologist John Desmond Bernal coined the term biopoesis for this process , and suggested that there were a number of clearly defined '' stages '' that could be recognized in explaining the origin of life .
IAUC 3593 : Satellites of Saturn 1981 April 16 In 1983 it was officially named after Telesto of Greek mythology .
The player may also talk and interact with his guests to become friends .
Xerxes had amassed a huge army and navy , and set out to conquer all of Greece .
He was elected President of the Royal Society , and served from 1995-2000 . He was appointed OM in 1995 - as is customary for Presidents of the Royal Society .
He was selected in the 2nd Round of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers .
Year 24 ( XXIV ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
See also Forensic science Disposal of human corpses Pathology John Tonge Centre Gunther von Hagens References External links Autopsy - a detailed description by a pathologist complete with cartoon figures .
Her book The Optimist 's Daughter won the Pulitzer Prize in 1973 and Welty was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , among numerous awards .
Edward Carl Gaedel ( June 8 , 1925 - June 18 , 1961 ) , born in Chicago , Illinois , was an American with dwarfism who became famous for participating in a Major League Baseball game .
As of their formation , the group has released five full-length albums and three EPs .
Many people today know little about the history of the American Dollar , which is actually named the '' Federal Reserve Note '' .
Beijing National Stadium\/Bird 's Nest ( ) - Beijing (/O2008/O)
Metro Voloshin , The Banjo , from Its Roots to the Ragtime Era : An Essay and Bibliography Music Reference Services Quarterly , Vol .
Prior to development of the San Joaquin Valley that began in the 1850s by American settlers , the San Joaquin River and its tributaries tended to flood the valley in the winter months .
Another important piece of Sondrio 's economy is its banking industry , with the Banca Popolare di Sondrio and the Credito Valtellinese both headquartered in Sondrio and listed on the Milan Stock Exchange .
Boicho Kokinov 's publications page , most of them on analogy and available for download .
Alan Meale ( L )
Two highland ` continents ' make up the rest of its surface area , one lying in the planet 's northern hemisphere and the other just south of the equator .
It has a seating capacity of 101,821 , and is the 2nd largest stadium in the SEC , the fifth largest stadium in the nation and the eighth largest non-racing stadium by seating in the world .
Habitat , diet , and other Fire Salamanders live in forests in the hilly parts of southern and central Europe .
He also wrote guides and essays on Esperanto , the international language . The majority of his books were originally written in Esperanto , but were translated into many national languages .
Female princely rulers were , oddly , admitted as '' Knights '' rather than as '' Dames '' or '' Ladies '' .
He never deviated into figure painting and , unlike Renoir and Pissarro , never found that Impressionism did not fulfill his artistic needs .
The North American fauna was a pretty typical boreoeutherian one ( supplemented with Afrotherian proboscids ) .
He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame on January 9 , 2007 and was inducted on July 29 .
Optical fibers are widely used in fiber-optic communications , which permits transmission over longer distances and at higher bandwidths ( data rates ) than other forms of communication .
Villy-Bocage is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In 1971 , Miller suffered a broken neck after a car accident and Capitol Records released the album Rock Love .
The name Carol was also later retired after the modern naming system was instituted ; however , it was not because of the 1965 storm but because of Hurricane Carol in 1954 .
Sovacool suggests that the barriers to clean energy adoption are institutional , not technological , and he sees no role for nuclear power in a clean energy transition .
Annales des empereurs du japon , p. 4 .
Jeffrey John '' Jeff '' Hanneman ( born January 31 , 1964 ) is best known as one of the guitarists as well as a founding member of the American thrash metal band Slayer .
Scoring is also by fifteens and tens in every game , but a second bounce can result in a '' chase '' rather than an outright point , similar to real tennis ; the team which wins 11 games is the winner of the match .
The District of Porrentruy ( ) is one of the three districts of the canton of Jura , Switzerland .
Since then , Billy Talent has made two multi-platinum records in Canada ,
Vaux-en-Vermandois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In 1941 Hurwicz was a research assistant to Paul Samuelson at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and to Oskar Lange at the University of Chicago .
Over longer distances , average traveling speed declines to 10 to 14 miles per hour ( 16 to 22 km/h ) .
Mike Scully noted that Flanders is '' everything Homer would love to be , although he 'll never admit it '' .
This is the implement used to mix the powdered tea with the hot water .
Corsican uses the Latin alphabet with some changes .
Medals are popular collectible items either as a form of exonumia or of militaria phaleristics .
Chinnamalai , and his brothers Kilother , Thambi decided to join with Tippu Sultan keeping in mind the larger national interest .
Between half and three-quarters of all women who have a chlamydia infection of the neck of the womb ( cervicitis ) have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected .
The hearing on September 23 were to examine the primary issues of the National Weather Service during Alicia , the effectiveness of the N.W.S in current procedures , and the use of the National Weather Service .
Physical experiments determined a half-life of ~ 16 h whilst chemical experiments provided a value of ~ 32 h/O. The half-life is often taken as ~ 28 h due to the higher number of atoms detected by chemical means This is the longest lived transactinide isotope and is a reflection of the stability of the Z = 108 and N = 162 closed shells and the effect of odd particles in nuclear decay .
The Kyrgyzstan national football team is the national team of Kyrgyzstan and is controlled by the Football Federation of Kyrgyz Republic .
The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is a 1974 American independent horror film directed by Tobe Hooper , and written collaboratively by Hooper and Kim Henkel .
This placed the novel among the most-honoured works of fantasy in recent history .
An interregnum occurs also upon the death of the Pope , though this is generally known as a sede vacante ( vacant seat ) .
Christianity legalised In April 311 , Galerius , who had previously been one of the leading figures in the persecutions , issued an edict permitting the practice of the Christian religion under his rule .
Key dates prior to the start of the season include :
The unicameral Lithuanian parliament , the Seimas , has 141 members who are elected to four-year terms .
The title has a long history in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia , being attested from the Rigveda , where a is a tribal chief , see for example the ( ) , the '' battle of ten kings '' .
Oxford University Press (/O2001/O) is the political , economic , ideological or cultural power exerted by a dominant group over other groups , regardless of the explicit consent of the latter .
In 1925 , she was awarded a gold medal for one of them in the first Arts Décoratifs ' exhibition .
The defeat and capture of king Francis I of France during the battle ushered in a period of Spanish occupation which lasted until 1713 at the conclusion of the War of the Spanish Succession .
He supervised the construction of Hwaseong Fortress in Suwon in the early 1792 .
In countries that use the Sunday-first convention and in the Judeo-Christian calendar it is the fifth day of the week .
The film was produced by DreamWorks Animation 's studio in Glendale , California and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
The New York Cosmos , known as the Cosmos for the 1977 and 1978 seasons , is a soccer organization based in New York City and its suburbs .
Currently , he is working on his next game , Driftmoon .
The Christmas 1994 nor'easter was an intense macro-scale cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada .
Twenty20 is a form of cricket , originally introduced in England for professional inter-county competition by the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) , in 2003 .
Dutch clippers were built beginning in 1850s for the tea trade and passenger service to Java .
Lars Ulrich ( born December 26 , 1963 ) is a Danish heavy metal drummer , best-known as one of the founding members of the American heavy metal band Metallica .
Many new words were either borrowed from or coined after European languages , especially English , Russian , German , and French .
Beaumesnil is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A county may have cities and towns within its area .
The first known definition in the West is by the Greek philosopher Aristotle around 350 BCE , in his book Prior Analytics , where he classified it as a material fallacy .
Early writers assumed the female sang ; but in fact , we have learned it is the male .
The four-door Bermuda and Villager wagons and the two-door Roundup wagon were based on the 116 & Prime ; - wheelbase Ford station wagon platform and shared the trim and features of the Ranger and Pacer models .
However , these changes are not universally accepted as beneficial BBC NEWS | Health | Junior doctors attack NHS reforms .
Three teenagers , thinking they were being chased by the police , climbed a wall to hide in a power substation .
Freud also states here that the only two '' universal '' taboos are that of incest and patricide , which formed the eventual basis of modern society .
Drammen is one of the larger cities in Norway , and lies about 40 k from the capital of Norway , Oslo .
In 1918 Sergei joined the Red Army with his father Mikhail supporting the opposite side .
pg .
History The department was established on September 9 , 1965 when President Lyndon Johnson signed the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act into law .
Yankee Stadium was a stadium located in The Bronx in New York City , New York .
HEADING Satellite ( S\/2001 (/O107/O) I )
Hurricane Emily was not originally recorded as a Category 5 storm , but it was upgraded in the post-storm analysis by the National Hurricane Center . The 2005 season is the only season on record with four Category 5 storms on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale ; the previous record was only two .
His ancestral roots linked to Rajput Clans of Rajisthan ( present-day India ) . His father had moved from Rajistan and settled in Karachi after the Sindh was under the jurisdiction of British empire since 1843 .
The raising agent causes bubbles to rise to the uncooked side of the pancake , at which point the pancake is ready to be flipped .
Austria-Hungary annexed Bosnia in 1908 , sparking a major European crisis .
The narrator dismembers the body and conceals the pieces under the floorboards , making certain to hide all signs of the crime .
Her success continued at the 2008 Cup of China , where she received a score of 63.64 in the short program and 128.11 in the free skate , placing first in both of them .
It surrounds the urethra just below the urinary bladder and can be felt during a rectal exam .
Craters Mirandan craters are named after characters in Shakespeare 's The Tempest .
Eriz is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
'' My Generation '' is a song by the British rock group The Who , which became a hit and one of their most recognizable songs .
Naval shipbuilding and construction remain key as well , with Bath Iron Works in Bath and Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery .
In circuit motorsports , a driver has pole position when they start a race at the front of the grid .
Monstera is a genus of 22 ( -25 ) species of flowering plants in the family Araceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas .
Ex-convict ( or short : ex-con ) is a common way of referring to a person who has been released from prison .
E numbers are number codes for food additives that have been assessed for use within the European Union ( the '' E '' prefix stands for '' Europe '' ) .
Final Fantasy VII Advent Children received mixed reviews by websites ' writers who praised its battles and animation , but criticized how non-Final Fantasy VII gamers would not understand its plot .
They initially ruled from Korkai , a seaport on the Southernmost tip of the Indian Peninsula , and in later times moved to Madurai .
Wii Sports Resort is set in a beach resort on an island called Wuhu Island , similar to Wii Fit 's running island , where twelve different sports are available to play .
While hot chocolate is generally consumed for pleasure , there are several potential health benefits associated with drinking hot chocolate . Studies have shown that hot chocolate contains large amounts of antioxidants that may be beneficial to one 's health .
The new feature is heavily promoted on the CBBC Channel .
But after an unexpectedly fast performance in 1993 , Sauber convinced Mercedes to enter officially in 1994 .
German Democratic Republic ( Deutsche Demokratische Republik ) , the former country East Germany
He also appears in New Super Mario Bros. .
Following the birth of Princess Aiko , there was some public debate about amending the current Imperial Household Law to allow women to succeed to the throne .
Profondeville is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
In an automobile , the compressor is driven by a belt over a pulley , the belt being driven by the engine 's crankshaft ( similar to the driving of the pulleys for the alternator , power steering , etc. ) .
Richter magnitude scale and moment magnitude scale ( MMS ) for strength of earthquakes and movement in the earth .
A legion consisted of several cohorts of heavy infantry known as legionaries .
Reasons for deletion include , but are not limited to , the following ( subject to the condition that improvement or deletion of an offending section , if practical , is preferable to deletion of an entire page ) :
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1920/1921 season .
Thalassodromeus ( '' sea runner '' ) was a large pterosaur found in northeastern Brazil .
The guqin is a very quiet instrument , with a range of about four octaves , and its open strings are tuned in the bass register . Its lowest pitch is about two octaves below middle C , or the lowest note on the cello .
His successor Jovian , trapped on the east bank of the Tigris , had to agree to hand over all the provinces which the Persians had ceded to Rome in 298 as well as Nisibis and Singara , in order to secure safe passage for his army out of Persia .
Previous Sportscene presenters include Archie Macpherson , who also commentated , Gordon Hewitt , Hazel Irvine , Jill Douglas , Mark Souster , Jim Craig and Rob Maclean .
According to Nadine Cheung from AOL Radio Blog the song is '' sung from the perspective of a scorned lover , who is finally able to see the light , but despite regretful sentiments , reconciliation is not an option here . ''
is a Japanese football player who plays for Kawasaki Frontale in the J. League .
The vessel was formerly known as the MS Lindblad Explorer ( -- 1985 ) and the MS Society Explorer ( -- 1992 ) .
He currently presents the BBC 's Formula One coverage for the 2009 season .
Sir Terence David John '' Terry '' Pratchett , OBE ( born 28 April 1948 ) is an English novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
The basic purpose of any loom is to hold the warp threads under tension to facilitate the interweaving of the weft threads .
Albert Pike , Morals and Dogma of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry , XXX : Knight Kadosh , p. 822 , 1872 René Guénon , El Esoterismo de Dante , p. 5 -- 6 , 14 , 15 -- 16 , 18 -- 23 , 1925 Manly Palmer Hall , The Secret Teachings of All Ages : The Fraternity of The Rose Cross , p. 139 , 1928
In 1769 the Rasos Cemetery was founded ; today it is one of the oldest surviving cemeteries in the city .
His single '' Sydney Town '' hit the Top 10 in his home city .
Today , Jaguars are assembled at Castle Bromwich in Birmingham and Halewood in Liverpool .
It covers roughly 542 million years and goes back to the time when diverse hard-shelled animals first appeared .
The fan club , which started in 1994 , was kept relatively secretive at first , as the group has never made any mention of it on their official website .
'' Naturalism '' , in The Encyclopedia of Philosophy , Macmillan , 1996 Supplement , 372-373 .
Ben van der Pluijm et al. .
The National Academies serve ( collectively ) as the scientific national academy for the United States ( US ) .
The Manics released their debut album , Generation Terrorists in 1992 .
Badmotorfinger is the third studio album by the American grunge band Soundgarden , released on October 8 , 1991 through A&M Records .
Dormice breed once or maybe twice a year , producing litters with an average of four young after a gestation period of 21-32 days .
It is the sixth book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
After being rejected eight times over a period of more than twenty years , Texas Tech was admitted to the Southwest Conference on May 12 , 1956 . When the Southwest Conference disbanded in 1995 , Texas Tech , along with the University of Texas at Austin , Texas A&M University , and Baylor University , merged with schools from the former Big Eight Conference to form the Big 12 .
Her books are available in 15 languages in over 20 countries .
However , the Rockets have advanced past the first round of the playoffs only once since he joined the team , and he has missed significant time due to injury in each of the past four seasons .
In July 2005 , Muse participated in the Live 8 concert in Paris .
He was the son of influential minister Increase Mather .
Charley lasted from August 9 to August 15 , and at its peak intensity it attained 150 mph ( 240 km\/h ) winds , making it a strong Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
It was by his command that 90 troops , including 25 Gurkhas of 1st\/9th Gurkha Rifles , 25 Pathans and Baluch of 54th Sikhs and 59th Sindh Rifles , all armed with .303 Lee-Enfield rifles ( and the Gurkhas additionally armed with khukris ) opened fire on a gathering of unarmed civilians , including women and children , gathered at the Jallianwalla Bagh in what came to be known later as the Amritsar massacre .
Noron-l'Abbaye is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
August 16 & ndash ; Peterloo Massacre : The cavalry charges into a crowd of protesters in Manchester , UK , resulting in 11 deaths and over 400 injuries .
Marth 's design and playability earned him extra attention while the game underwent debug testing in North America , and it was by the decision of Nintendo of America that he was included in the North American version .
Radio 1 's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley 's Radio 1 show .
Motorcycle combination , also known as a sidecar
At the 2006 NHK Trophy , they became the first ice dancing team to receive level fours on all their elements .
United States Department of Health and Human Services-Secretary Kathleen Sebelius List of secretaries Secretaries of Health , Education , and Welfare No .
Marc Davis ( March 30 , 1913 - January 12 , 2000 ) started in 1935 on Snow White , and later he went on to develop\/animate the characters of Bambi and Thumper ( in Bambi ) , Maleficent and the raven ( in Sleeping Beauty ) , and Cruella De Vil ( in One Hundred and One Dalmatians ) .
It is only when an object approaches speeds on the order of 30,000 km\/s ( 1\/10 the speed of light ) that time dilation becomes important .
Over the following three days , the system was not mentioned in the NHC 's tropical weather outlooks until just prior to Grace 's classification .
During the fifth episode Reward Challenge , the Saboga tribe , having lost the challenge , was dissolved and its members divided between the other two tribes .
Isabella was sent to school in Heidelberg , Germany , where she became an accomplished pianist .
It is approximately 2 hours drive from the Canberra area .
Livy ( 59 BC -- AD 17 ) records the rise of Rome from city-state to world dominion .
Terry Gene Bollea ( born August 11 , 1953 ) better known by his ring name Hulk Hogan , is an American actor and retired professional wrestler .
Using notes , this would be the same note up or down 12 semi-tones on the chromatic scale .
Countries with a coastline on the Persian Gulf are ( clockwise , from the north ) : Iran , Oman ( exclave of Musandam ) , United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , Qatar on a peninsula off the Saudi coast , Bahrain on an island , Kuwait and Iraq in the northwest .
Then called Urbs Dei or The Two Fatherlands , the poem described how a Christian owes his loyalties to both his homeland and the heavenly kingdom .
; date : Month name followed by year , for use by the categorization system .
The Bhutan national football team is the national team of Bhutan and is controlled by the Bhutan Football Federation .
The disease is characterized in an infant by the presence of sweet-smelling urine , with an odor similar to that of maple syrup .
Religion , the royal lineage , and the authority to govern were intrinsically interwoven in Ancient Egypt during its approximately three thousand years of existence .
The Schutzstaffel ( , Protection Squadron ) , abbreviated SS -- or with stylized '' Armanen '' Sig runes -- was a major Nazi organization under Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party .
Platonic solids are often used to make dice , because dice of these shapes can be made fair .
The following games and their instruction manuals : Pokémon Diamond and Pearl In Diamond and Pearl , Team Galactic state their intention to create a new world order .
Also according to Billboard , Eminem has two of his albums among the top five highest selling albums of the 2000s . In the UK , Eminem has sold over 12.5 million records .
Basie was not much of a scholar and instead dreamed of a traveling life , inspired by the carnivals which came to town .
That idea grew into Strange Little Girls , released in September 2001 , one year after giving birth to her daughter .
The stadium has the same name as Nelspruit 's new name . In October 2009 , Nelspruit was officially renamed Mbombela by the South African government .
Paul Michael London ( born April 16 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
The vast majority of Mozart 's unnumbered symphonies are in D major , namely K. 66c , 81\/73 , 97\/73m , 95\/73n , 120\/111a and 161\/163\/141a .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke 's and released on the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii , PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS video game consoles by THQ in November 2007 .
The band broke up and reformed twice , sometimes with different bass players and\/or drummers .
Pope Sixtus V ( 1585 -- 1590 ) planned to turn the building into a wool factory to provide employment for Rome 's prostitutes , though this proposal fell through with his premature death .
Gohar Shahi 's family still resides in Kotri , including his widow , five sons and a daughter .
The RAF was founded in 1970 by Andreas Baader , Gudrun Ensslin , Horst Mahler , and Ulrike Meinhof .
( The website says , '' five magical atoms of power . '' )
Ukraine to the north - Chernivtsi Oblast .
Dictionary of Geological Terms , 1962 .
In Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 : March of the Minis , Mario has a toy-making company that earns him income .
After they left The Simpsons , Oakley and Weinstein created Mission Hill .
September 13 -- Battle of Ad Decimum : Belisarius defeats the Vandals under Gelimer .
In 1993 , Barisal division was split off from Khulna and again in 1998 , Sylhet division was split off from Chittagong giving rise to the 6 divisions in the country .
The most abundant cells in vertebrate blood are red blood cells .
American physician and humanitarian John Gorrie built a refrigerator in 1844 with the purpose of cooling air .
One of these shell companies under which Timely Comics was published was named Marvel Comics by at least Marvel Mystery Comics # 55 ( May 1944 ) .
Keisuke Kurihara is a former Japanese football player .
Gino Lucetti ( August 31 , 1900 - September 17 , 1943 ) was an Italian anarchist and would-be assassin .
It is an environment that most people have probably never seen before , and they would never be expected , anywhere else , to work so closely with that many thousands of people .
As a faculty member of Princeton University , he invented a device called the particle storage ring for high-energy physics experiments .
We Used to Vacation (/O2006/O)
It also contains the second largest lake in Haiti Lake Peligre , which was created as a result of the construction of the Peligre Hydroelectric Dam on the Artibonite River during the 1950s .
Schwarzenegger is married to journalist Maria Shriver .
Debuted at the Eurosatory 2004 military trade show in Paris , a derivative of the system for use against armored vehicles is designed to fire Panzerfaust anti-tank rockets .
Both IBM Lotus and Microsoft have introduced federation between their EIM systems and some of the public IM networks so that employees may use a single interface to both their internal EIM system and their contacts on AOL , MSN , and Yahoo ! .
The shell is coiled , aragonitic , nacreous and pressure resistant ( imploding at a depth of about 800 m ) .
A microplate typically has 6 , 24 , 96 , 384 or even 1536 sample wells arranged in a 2:3 rectangular matrix .
At Henry VII 's death , the throne passed to Arthur 's younger brother , who became King Henry VIII .
In addition , it contains descriptive matter dealing with Australia 's geography and climate , government , international relations , defence , education , and the health and welfare support systems .
Traditionally , bridesmaids were chosen from unwed young women of marriageable age .
Published in 1993 , it was followed by the novel Max the Mighty in 1998 .
They are in the Central Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
Much of Thile 's work on the album was influenced by his divorce , and Thile claims that he could relate to the title of the album , a Tom Brosseau song .
Swaggart 's television ministry , which began in 1975 , continues ( as of March 2011 ) airing nationally and internationally .
Where breaks in the Dividing Range allow the intrusion of moist easterly air streams inland , annual median rainfall of 750 mm or more is experienced further westward .
They are a sea-faring people , and engaged in trade with people of Papua New Guinea .
As a young girl , Hewitt was attracted to music , which led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry .
In Against Our Will , Susan Brownmiller described the fairy tale as a description of rape .
Examples Science parks are found all over the world , but are mostly concentrated in developed countries ; over 140 are found in North America alone .
First Jewish-Roman War ( 66 73 ) -- also called the First Jewish Revolt or the Great Jewish Revolt .
In algebraic notation the white pawns start on a2 , b2 , c2 , ... , h2 , while the black pawns start on a7 , b7 , c7 , ... , h7 .
It became the only temporary capital city in Europe during the Interwar period . Now it is the capital of Kaunas County , the seat of the Kaunas city municipality and the Kaunas district municipality .
In 1987 and 1990 , he passed the first and second state examinations in law , and has since worked as an attorney .
(/O1979/O) Gukansh , p. 259 ; Varley , Paul .
He is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , signed to its SmackDown brand , where he is the reigning World Heavyweight Champion .
Consisting mostly of granitic rock , continental crust has a density of about 2.7 g\/cm3 and is less dense than the material of the Earth 's mantle , which consists of mafic rock .
Shades of Deep Purple album sleeve notes pp .
Darlington Football Club is an association football club based in the town of Darlington in the north-east of England .
The most concerted effort to use dogs as anti-tank weapons came during World War II when the Soviet Union used them against German tanks .
This period spanned the years from 1261 to 1264 .
Strauss was forced to admit that he had lied to the parliament and was forced to resign , complaining that he was treated like a '' Jew who had dared appear at a Nazi party convention '' .
In the later Middle Ages , areas of incomplete or non-existent manorialization persisted while the manorial economy underwent substantial development with changing economic conditions .
The game spawned several sequels , with the franchise earning more than $ 1 billion in sales ; the third installment was the best-selling game in North America in 2007 .
Bebo , an acronym for '' Blog early , blog often '' , is a social networking website , founded in January 2005 .
Lambert was the son of Russian-born Australian painter George Lambert .
She gained international fame posthumously following the publication of her diary , which documents her experiences hiding during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .
George Newbold Lawrence ( October 20 , 1806 -- January 17 , 1895 ) was an American businessman and amateur ornithologist .
At La Mina 's camp , while Austin and the other men searched for edible creatures in the water , Dan spoke to Nick about his space flights at NASA .
The city was founded in 1186 , and has been a center of the mining industry in the Ore Mountains for centuries .
Pope is famous for his use of the heroic couplet .
Tertiary and vocational The Alice Springs Campus of Charles Darwin University offers courses in TAFE and Higher Education .
This second Leonese Language Day was celebrated on December 16 , 2007 , being organised by the Leonese City Council in collaboration with several linguistic and cultural leonese associations .
Education Continuing on his father 's precedent , William was educated at independent schools , starting at Jane Mynors ' nursery school and the pre-preparatory Wetherby School , both in London .
is an American rock musician , multi-instrumentalist , singer and songwriter .
The 1st Infantry Division moved from Augsburg in 1972 until they were deactivated in 1991 .
Encouraged by Cicero , the Senate denounced Antony and in January 43 they granted Octavian imperium ( commanding power ) , which made his command of troops legal and sent him to relieve the siege , along with Aulus Hirtius and Gaius Vibius Pansa Caetronianus , the consuls for 43 BC .
Contemporary multimeters can measure many quantities .
Like virtually all Underground lines , the Piccadilly line is operated by a single type of rolling stock , in this case the 1973 tube stock , in the standard London Underground livery of blue , white and red .
Relationships Since his first game , Mario has usually had the role of saving the damsel in distress .
The Spectrum is based on a Zilog Z80A CPU running at 3.5 MHz ( or NEC D780C-1 clone ) .
The film 's title is a direct translation of the word '' Islam '' ( see also the etymology and meaning of the word ) .
A club ( also known as cudgel , baton , truncheon , night stick , sap and bludgeon ) is among the simplest of all weapons .
It is the second tallest building in Germany and the also the second tallest in the European Union .
Langon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Vladimir Fedosejev became chief conductor in 1997 and served in the post until 2005 .
The fountain sprays water for about 15 minutes every hour .
Kim Tae-Young ( born 8 November 1970 ) is a retired South Korean football player .
FDs may at times be asked to perform tasks such as dressing ( in garments usually suitable for daily wear ) , casketing ( placing the human body in the container ) , and cosmetizing ( applying any sort of cosmetic or substance to the viewable areas of the person for the purpose of enhancing appearances ) .
With total passenger traffic of 30 million for the year 2009 , it is among the top 40 airports in the world in terms of total passenger traffic and the 20th busiest in the world in terms of international passenger traffic .
Large granular lymphocytes include natural killer cells ( NK cells ) .
The storm turned to the northeast , and after attempting to transition into a tropical cyclone , it dissipated as it was absorbed into a larger extratropical storm .
As of December 31 , 2009 , all versions of the Game Boy Advance combined have sold 81.50 million units .
Miikka Sakari Kiprusoff ( ; born October 26 , 1976 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Life After Life sold more than 13 million copies , Towards the light The Age , March 23 , 2004 .
Gestures are resolved as follows : Rock blunts or breaks scissors ; rock wins .
is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae .
The dry weather is a result of the state 's location in the rain shadow of the Sierra Nevada in California .
Its headquarters are in Hershey , Pennsylvania , which is also home to Hershey 's Chocolate World .
The word '' Lollywood '' was first coined in the summer of 1989 in the now defunct magazine '' Glamour '' published from Karachi by a gossip columnist Saleem Nasir .
He was Secretary of State under President John Adams from 1800 to 1801 .
Hernando de Soto ( c. 1496\/1497 -- 1542 ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador who , while leading the first European expedition deep into the territory of the modern-day United States , was the first European documented to have crossed the Mississippi River .
Where nominal data must need be used , the ideal is to use '' hard '' , objective criteria for assigning the classifications ( see Operational definition ) , such that different classifiers would produce the same assignments .
Action figures representing superheroes and their predecessors , action dolls , are particularly popular among boys .
Early life Anna was born in Moscow , Russia ( Soviet Union then ) on June 7 , 1981 .
This book stands as the first in the Former ( or First ) Prophets covering the history of Israel from the possession of the Promised Land to the Babylonian Captivity .
He was a son of Zebedee and Salome , and brother of John the Apostle .
Abercrombie ( Gaelic : Obar Chrombaidh ) is a hamlet in Fife , situated around 1 mile to the north of the village of St Monans , and 10 miles south of the town of St Andrews .
After Warlock traces Gabriel 's location to Woodlawn , McClane and Farrell head there , where Farrell triggers an alarm in the facility to alert the FBI . As McClane deals with Gabriel 's forces , Farrell manages to encrypt the downloaded data to block access to it , but is captured .
Utkin also told the White Russian Army investigators that the injured girl , whom he treated at Cheka headquarters in Perm , told him , '' I am the daughter of the ruler , Anastasia . ''
Statistics of Austrian Football Bundesliga in the 2001 02 season .
Latent autoimmune diabetes in adults , ( LADA ) is extremely similar to both Type 1 diabetes and Type 2 diabetes : although the disease is autoimmune , insulin resistance accompanies the disease as it does Type 2 diabetes .
It was released on October 14 , 2008 as an iTunes exclusive single .
The '' War Horse '' is a black horse with a white mane , tail and markings considered '' rare '' , as well as being faster and having more health than any other horse in the game .
Filippo Azzaiolo was a 16th century Italian composer .
Although the Battle of Gettysburg was a Union victory , it was also the bloodiest battle of the war and dealt a blow to Lincoln 's war effort .
The Franco-Prussian War of 1870 -- 71 compelled Pissarro to flee his home in Louveciennes in September 1870 ; he returned in June 1871 to find that the house , and along with it many of his early paintings , had been destroyed by Prussian soldiers .
It is normally in the key of G , with G being the lowest note ( all holes covered ) .
Such victims include war wounded , prisoners , refugees , civilians , and other non-combatants .
However , authors such as Ed Moloney , Peter Taylor , Mark Urban and historian Richard English have all named Adams as part of the IRA leadership since the 1970s .
The female vocal folds are between 12.5 mm and 17.5 mm ( approx 0.5 '' to 0.75 '' ) in length .
Blackcomb was renamed Vienna in early 2006 and again Windows 7 in 2007 .
Primary source is a term used in a number of disciplines to describe source material that is closest to the person , information , period , or idea being studied .
He is best known as the drummer for the punk rock band , Rise Against .
Framlingham Castle is an important castle in the market town of Framlingham , Suffolk , England .
His translations had an influential impact on the development of Esperanto into a language of literature .
Mary I ( 18 February 1516 17 November 1558 ) , was Queen of England and Queen of Ireland from 19 July 1553 until her death .
The dandelion was brought to North America by Europeans for use as a herb .
Gerhard Henrik Armauer Hansen ( 29 July 1841 -- 12 February 1912 ) was a Norwegian physician , remembered for his identification of the bacterium Mycobacterium leprae in 1873 as the causative agent of leprosy .
South India lies in the peninsular Deccan Plateau and is bounded by the Arabian Sea , Indian Ocean and the Bay of Bengal in the west , south and east respectively .
Reserved code elements Reserved code elements are codes which have recently become obsolete , or are in use for some applications in conjunction with the official ISO 3166-1 codes .
On March 15 , 1990 , Gorbachev was elected as the first executive president .
The Kunar river system is fed from melting glaciers and snow of the Hindu Kush mountains .
The superfamily Chelonioidea has a world-wide distribution ; sea turtles can be found in all oceans except for the polar regions . Some species travel between oceans .
Bristol Rovers Football Club is an English professional football club , based in Bristol .
The Treaty of Shimonoseki ( Japanese : , '' Shimonoseki J yaku '' ) , known as the Treaty of Maguan ( ) in China , was signed at the Shunpanr hall on April 17 , 1895 , between the Empire of Japan and Qing Empire of China , ending the First Sino-Japanese War .
This article is about the band Candlemass , for the Christian feast day , see Candlemas .
Of the 66 cities in the United Kingdom , the City of London is among the 30 that have Lord Mayors ( or , in Scotland , Lords Provost ) .
It is found in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Kashmir and possibly India .
The third album 's title song , '' Maggot Brain '' , consists of a ten-minute guitar solo by Hazel .
Neuhausen am Rheinfall ( which was officially called Neuhausen until 1938 ) is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
He was elected mayor , and then gained permission from the state 's General Assembly to change the name of Esau to Bigelow . It was at one time the biggest town in the county ; a vote was taken to move the county seat from Perryville to Bigelow , Bigelow won the vote , but the move was never made .
At the presentation , Walt Disney explained the plans for the site , including EPCOT , the Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow , which was to be a futuristic city ( and which was also known as Progress City ) .
Founded in northern states in 1854 by anti-slavery activists , modernizers , ex-Whigs and ex-Free Soilers , the Republican Party quickly became the principal opposition to the dominant Democratic Party .
Over his career , he trained 31 Olympic athletes , 51 All-Americans , 12 American record-holders , 24 NCAA champions and 16 sub-4 minute milers .
The decomposition of hydrogen peroxide is in fact so slow that hydrogen peroxide solutions are commercially available . Upon the addition of a small amount of manganese dioxide , the hydrogen peroxide rapidly reacts according to the above equation .
The City of Kitchener is a city in Southern Ontario , Canada .
Dark spots may dissipate when they migrate too close to the equator , or possibly through some other unknown mechanisms .
The first flageolets were called '' French flageolets '' , and have four tone-holes on the front and two on the back .
In the late 1980s , Parker moved to New York , where she got a job measuring feet at ECCO .
They are designated by the Greek letter beta ( ) .
The moment any small aquatic creature touches the inside of the bill -- an insect , crustacean , or tiny fish -- it is snapped shut .
Rolling Stone Rollingstone.com
The human body produces small amounts of H2S and uses it as a signaling molecule .
Hwang Hak-Sun ( born October 10 , 1976 ) is a North Korean football player .
They can breathe intense flames that can melt any material , but will never torch a weaker foe .
The State of Campeche is a state in the south-east region of the Mexican Republic .
English translations using '' kill '' include the King James ( Authorised ) ( 1611 ) ( although note Matthew '' do no murder , '' following the Vulgate non homicidium facies ) , the American Standard ( 1901 ) and Revised Standard ( American Protestant , 1952 ) Versions .
Characters in Sense and Sensibility Henry Dashwood -- a wealthy gentleman who dies at the beginning of the story .
It is the largest of the stony ( S-type ) asteroids , and somewhere between the 8th to 12th largest Main Belt asteroid overall ( uncertainty in diameters causes uncertainty in its ranking ) .
Residents installed storm shutters , while boat owners moved their yachts to safer locations .
This type of climate offers some of the most extreme seasonal temperature variations found on the planet : In winter , temperatures can drop to and in summer , the temperature may exceed .
Tank , is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , the city of Tank is the capital of the district .
Robert Howard Grubbs ( b. 27 February 1942 near Possum Trot , Kentucky ) is an American chemist and Nobel laureate .
Hirsi Ali has stated she would like to make a sequel to the movie because '' By not making ` Submission Part II , ' I would only be helping terrorists believe that if they use violence , they 're rewarded with what they want . ''
Many of these were terraformed , a process in which a planet or moon is altered to resemble Earth .
Sinhala is also spoken by other ethnic groups in Sri Lanka , totalling about 3 million .
Historically the area has always had some importance , containing valuable agricultural land in the centre of the country and the prestigious university in the county town of Oxford ( whose name came from Anglo-Saxon Oxenaford = '' ford for oxen '' ) .
While the assassins kill Banquo , Fleance escapes . At the banquet , Banquo 's ghost enters and sits in Macbeth 's place .
Rhodes has been famous since antiquity as the site of Colossus of Rhodes , one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In popular culture In the same way that outlaws feature in many films of the American western genre , bushrangers regularly feature in Australian literature , film , music and television .
It is generally common , and can regularly be seen even in major cities such as Lima and Guayaquil .
From the mid-19th century on , the nation had large numbers of immigrants who spoke little or no English , and throughout the country state laws , constitutions , and legislative proceedings appeared in the languages of politically important immigrant groups .
Early life Albert was born at Schloss Rosenau , near Coburg , Germany , and was the second son of Ernest III , Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and his first wife , Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg .
After a five year revolt , Berkuk deposes Hajji II as Mamluk Sultan of Egypt , marking the end of the Bahri dynasty and the start of the Burji dynasty .
Bad Godesberg is a municipal district of Bonn , southern North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
A-type asteroids are so rare that as of 2005 only 17 had been discovered .
Rebecca Romijn as Raven Darkholme / Mystique : Magneto 's blue-skinned right-hand woman can shapeshift to match anyone 's appearance and can fight with incredible agility and strength .
Chloroform is the organic compound with formula CHCl3 .
The '' straight '' sections of plumbing systems are of pipe or tube .
Binaural beats or binaural tones are auditory processing artifacts , or apparent sounds , the perception of which arises in the brain for specific physical stimuli .
The etymology of the word is based on Roman law .
The attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of Indonesia , killing 202 people , ( including 88 Australians , and 38 Indonesian citizens ) .
Dark Horse Comics released an art book titled Avatar : The Last Airbender - The Art of the Animated Series , on June 2 , 2010 which contains 184 pages of the original art and creation behind the Avatar animated series .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars (/O1978/O) and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple (/O1994/O) .
jpg Cupola of the church .
They originally worked in the North-East of England but were later transferred to Wales and South-West England .
The name of Yellowstone National Park 's '' Mud Volcano '' feature and the surrounding area is misleading ; it consists of hot springs , mud pots and fumaroles , rather than a true mud volcano .
The 2002 census classified 9,459 people ( 76.3 % ) as living in an urban area and 2,933 people ( 23.7 % ) as living in a rural area , with 6,440 men ( 52.0 % ) and 5,952 women ( 48.0 % ) .
During the war , Romania was the most important source of oil for Nazi Germany , which attracted multiple bombing raids by the Allies .
The study of male reproduction and associated organs is called andrology .
The original concepts had Sonic with fangs and in a band with a human girlfriend named Madonna , however a team from Sega of America led by Madeline Schroeder , who calls herself '' Sonic 's mother '' , '' softened '' the character up for an American audience by removing these , sparking a heated issue with Sonic Team , although Naka later admitted it was probably for the best .
Cradled among Winona Lake , Pike Lake , Hidden Lake and Center Lake , Warsaw is nicknamed '' Lake City , '' though other cities in the surrounding area are also referred to by that nickname .
Gastric dumping syndrome , or rapid gastric emptying is a condition where ingested foods bypass the stomach too rapidly and enter the small intestine largely undigested .
There are many different designs with many different name variations , but all use a noseband that is designed to exert pressure on sensitive areas of the animal 's face in order to provide direction and control .
Atmospheric pressure is often measured with a mercury barometer , and a height of approximately of mercury is often used to illustrate ( and measure ) atmospheric pressure .
The 1994 Winter Games were the first to be held without the Summer Games in the same year , and marked the only time the Winter Games have been staged two years after the preceding Games .
Marlin Perkins , who gained fame as the host of the television program Zoo Parade and later , Wild Kingdom , was director of the zoo from 1944 until 1962 .
He had an older brother , Philip , and a younger sister , Sally .
The Eastern Long-beaked Echidna ( Zaglossus bartoni ) , also known as Barton 's Long-beaked Echidna , is one of three species from the genus Zaglossus to occur in New Guinea .
The quake 's epicentre was 70 m from the northern Thai city of Chiang Rai , north of Mae Sai and southeast of Kentung .
In addition , Germany has a powerful Constitutional Court , the Bundesverfassungsgericht .
The Maroon Berets ( ) are the special operations forces of the Turkish Army .
In this simple example we use the English alphabet of 26 characters from a-z .
It defeated Ash 's Staravia and Chimchar , but was knocked out along with Ash 's Buizel , resulting in a tie .
The false consensus effect is caused by a tendency for people to project their way of thinking onto other people .
The Ford Kuga is a compact crossover SUV designed and produced by Ford .
Inca Empire Through a succession of wars and marriages among the nations that inhabited the valley , the region became part of the Inca Empire in 1463 .
It often has spices in it and is covered in a cellulose casing .
Other versions America 's Army : Rise of a Soldier America 's Army : Rise of a Soldier was released Xbox on November 2005 .
Year 1393 ( MCCCXCIII ) was a common year starting on Wednesday ( link will display full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Ferrari hold the record for the most Grands Prix victories , having won 215 times .
It is the first visit of a pope to Latin America .
A couple of years later he played some of his own compositions in Vienna where he heard Franz Liszt play , and met Liszt , Johannes Brahms and Anton Rubinstein .
Today he lives in Redmond , Washington .
Baggio totalled 27 goals in 56 caps for his national team , the fourth-highest of all time for Italy .
Difference between free warren and domestic warren The distinction between the two types of warren has been nearly lost in modern English , the older sense of free warren gradually evolving into that of domestic warren .
Juzanvigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
From the 2009 - 10 season , the competition is known as the ` UEFA Europa League ' .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
His later interest in history was initially encouraged by his father , who had schooled him in the tales of the Iliad and the Odyssey and had given him a copy of Ludwig Jerrer 's Illustrated History of the World for Christmas in 1829 .
Naiad ( or ; ) , also known as Neptune III , is the innermost satellite of Neptune , named after the Naiads of Greek legend .
The party ultimately nominated the former civil rights campaigner Austin Currie , a respected new TD and former minister in Brian Faulkner 's power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland from 1973 -- 74 .
While he was less radical than many , when Lord Grey resigned ( July 1834 ) , Melbourne was widely seen as the most acceptable replacement among the Whig leaders , and became Prime Minister .
Edwin Alejandro Uehara Kaneku ( born 21 July 1969 ) is a former Peruvian-Japanese footballer .
In 1888 , Skokie was incorporated and named Niles Centre .
The alphabet does not include the letters q , w , x , or y except in unassimilated foreign names .
Depending on privacy settings , anyone who can see a user 's profile can also view that user 's Wall .
The Scottish Football League is a league of football teams in Scotland , comprising the Scottish First Division , Scottish Second Division and Scottish Third Division . From the league 's foundation in 1890 until the breakaway Scottish Premier League was formed in 1998 , the Scottish Football League represented the top level of football in Scotland .
A fullerene is any molecule composed entirely of carbon , in the form of a hollow sphere , ellipsoid , or tube .
the medical lab
In that context , it forms part of a systematic approach to distinguishing between probability distributions .
Her first appearance on film was a small role in the 1994 feature Camp Nowhere as Gail .
Alette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Saint-Michel-de-Castelnau is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Obsolete technologies Eidophor oil-film projectors ILA ( Light Image Amplifier ) light valves Schmidt-CRT , developed by Kloss Video Talaria oil-film projectors DIY video projectors With a growing DIY-community and an increasing interest in low cost devices , some hobbyists have endeavored to build their own projectors from kits , sourced components , or from scratch .
During her high school years , she acted and sang in a number of high school productions at East Greenwich High School , including the starring roles in the musicals Annie and Grease .
The Province of Gorizia is a province in the autonomous Friuli- Venezia Giulia region of Italy .
Velvet is a type of woven tufted fabric in which the cut threads are evenly distributed , with a short dense pile , giving it a distinctive feel .
A heat pump is a machine or device that moves heat from one location ( the ` source ' ) at a lower temperature to another location ( the ` sink ' or ` heat sink ' ) at a higher temperature using mechanical work or a high-temperature heat source .
The prior trade brought Wendel Clark and a draft pick to the Red Wings and Goaltender Kevin Hodson and a draft pick to the Lightning .
Hull was hit particularly hard by the June 2007 United Kingdom floods because of the local topography which resulted in standing water over a wide area .
He spent four seasons with the Regina Pats , a major junior team in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) before being signed by the Moose in 2005 .
The Other Gospels : Non-Canonical Gospel Texts , 1982 External links The PAPYRUS EGERTON 2 Homepage Detailed description of the manuscript , with many images .
A vigorous tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa late on August 20 , and almost immediately developed convective banding and a broad circulation .
Browneyed Soul ( , also written Brown Eyed Soul ) is a Korean RnB group who released their debut album , Soul Free , in September , 2003 .
In June 2003 , the U.S. Government announced that AES may be used to protect classified information : The design and strength of all key lengths of the AES algorithm ( i.e. , 128 , 192 and 256 ) are sufficient to protect classified information up to the SECRET level .
Sars-le-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Areas larger than 100 km2
For example , a divided by b is written This can be read out loud as '' a divided by b '' , '' a by b '' or '' a over b '' .
Lincoln City F.C. is an English football team which play in Football League Two , the fourth tier of the English football league system .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1986/1987 season was contested by 18 teams .
A rare , hard , blue-gray , lustrous transition metal , tantalum is highly corrosion resistant and occurs naturally in the mineral tantalite , always together with the chemically similar niobium .
Wesley Trent Snipes ( born July 31 , 1962 ) is an American actor , film producer , and martial artist .
Other musical activities Wood 's fame lies mainly with the promenade concerts , but he was active in many areas of musical life .
Sac City is a city in Sac County , Iowa , United States , situated in the rolling hills along the valley of the North Raccoon River , in one of America 's prime agricultural regions .
She shares her nickname with her grandfather 's brother , Conrad '' Nicky '' Hilton , who died fourteen years before she was born .
Jessica Ann Simpson ( born July 10 , 1980 ) is an American singer , actress , television personality and fashion designer who rose to fame in 1999 .
Although regattas are typically amateur competitions , they are usually formally structured events , with comprehensive rules describing the schedule and procedures of the event .
Varro notes the Capitolium Vetus an earlier cult sited on the Quirinal , devoted to Jupiter , Juno and Minerva , Varro , De lingua latina V. 158 .
It was the first time the Stanley Cup was not awarded since 1919 , and the first time a major professional sports league in North America canceled a complete season because of a labour dispute .
Amanda Laura Bynes ( born April 3 , 1986 ) Biography of Amanda Bynes is an American actress , former show host on Nickelodeon , comedian , fashion designer , singer and voice actor .
The game follows the protagonist , Mario , on a quest to rescue Princess Peach from the game 's primary antagonist , Bowser .
Besides the throwing of water , people celebrating Songkran may also go to a wat ( Buddhist monastery ) to pray and give food to monks .
In 2006 , Bucheon SK announced their move to Jeju without any fore notice , renamed themselves '' Jeju United FC , '' and adopted the vacant Jeju World Cup Stadium as their new home ground .
Two years later , he won a silver medal for England in the individual pursuit at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Cardiff .
The Omnibox is the URL box at the top of each tab , which combines the functionality of both the Address bar and search box . If a user enters the URL of a site previously searched from , Chrome allows pressing Tab to search the site again directly from the Omnibox .
Dams alter the natural ecology of rivers , potentially killing fish , stopping migrations , and disrupting peoples ' livelihoods .
William Scott '' Scotty '' Bowman ( born September 18 , 1933 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired National Hockey League head coach .
Electric power may flow through several substations between generating plant and consumer , and may be changed in voltage in several steps .
They are essentially ` missiles ' with ` matter \/O/ anti-matter ' warheads capable of very powerful explosive yields .
This provided that after Anne , the Crown would go to their nearest Protestant relative , Sophia , Electress of Hanover , and her Protestant heirs .
Nearly sixty percent of Minnesota 's residents live in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area known as the '' Twin Cities '' , the center of transportation , business and industry , education and home to an internationally known arts community .
However , in the last six years it has seen many successes in parliamentary lobbying .
He was selected first overall by the Diamondbacks in the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft .
The freeways connecting Al Ain , Abu Dhabi and Dubai form a geographic triangle in the center of the country , each city being roughly 130 kilometers from the other two .
He was a Member of Parliament and deputy chairman of the Conservative Party , and became a life peer in 1992 .
Australia is a member of the United Nations , G-20 major economies , Commonwealth of Nations , ANZUS , OECD , and the WTO .
Pericles promoted the arts and literature ; this was a chief reason Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural center of the ancient Greek world .
Ducks are mostly aquatic birds , mostly smaller than the swans and geese , and may be found in both fresh water and sea water .
Obviously if a commune member was attacked outside the city , it was too late to call for help , as it would be unlikely anyone would be around in time .
H. Jefferson Powell , a modern jurist , identifies three persistent themes of Democratic-Republican constitutionalism which emerged from the Resolutions and the Report : ( 1 ) a textual approach to the Constitution , ( 2 ) the compact theory , and ( 3 ) that caution , not trust , should characterize our approach to those who hold political power .
Over its six seasons , Fear Factor earned NBC a reported $ 600 million in advertising revenue .
The intense radio source named Sagittarius A \* , thought to mark the center of the Milky Way , is newly confirmed to be a supermassive black hole .
History of San José , Costa Rica , by Spanish Abroad , Inc. .
He occasionally plays for the United States national team .
Runnymede is a water-meadow alongside the River Thames in the English county of Surrey , and just over west of central London .
The teams were split into two pools , with the top three teams in each pool advancing to the Super 6 .
Rachel becomes the new Oracle and spouts another Great Prophecy , while Percy and Annabeth start going out .
Also , there is no block\/charge arc under the basket , although that is expected to change as the FIBA 's 2010 rules move the three-point line to 6.75 m ( 22 ft 1.7 in ) and create a 1.25 m ( 4 ft 1 in ) block\/charge arc . .
The main event from the Raw brand was a Last Man Standing match for the WWE Championship , in which the champion , Triple H , defended his title against Randy Orton in his third match of the night .
Notable people Yasir Hameed QureshiCrick Info - Yasir Hamid was the first player of Pakistan National Cricket team who participated in international cricket with two test centuries .
Note that in modern usage , composite semi-open vehicles are classified Cso - the s signifying that the Standard portion is open ( implying that the First portion is compartments with corridor ) .
The area includes the Virginia cities of Norfolk , Virginia Beach , Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Poquoson , Portsmouth , Suffolk , Williamsburg , and the counties of Gloucester , Isle of Wight , James City , Mathews , Surry , and York , as well as the North Carolina county of Currituck .
In 1919 , the municipalities of Langdorf , Kurzdorf , Huben , Herten , and Horgenbach became part of Frauenfeld .
They play in white shirt with two horizontal stripes , one red and one black , white shorts and socks .
Ma studied at the Juilliard School of Music with Leonard Rose and attended Columbia University before ultimately enrolling at Harvard University .
Henry III of England declares himself of age and assumes power .
A valve is a device that regulates the flow of a fluid ( gases , fluidized solids , slurries , or liquids ) by opening , closing , or partially obstructing various passageways .
Bridgit Claire Mendler , ( born December 18 , 1992 ) Bridgit Mendler is an American actress and singer .
American occupation and reconstruction of the country continued well into the 1950s , eventually forming modern Japan .
Before long du Pré was entering and winning local music competitions alongside her sister , flautist Hilary du Pré .
Douvrin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sir Michael Terence '' Terry '' Wogan KBE DL ( born 3 August 1938 ) is a veteran Irish radio and television broadcaster who holds dual Irish and British citizenship . Wogan has worked for the BBC in the United Kingdom for most of his career .
Malle is a municipality located in the Campine region of the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Originally , chocolate chips were made of semi-sweet chocolate , but today there are many flavors .
Microbial transformation with plasmid DNA is neither parasitic nor symbiotic in nature , because each implies the presence of an independent species living in a commensal or detrimental state with the host organism .
It is predominantly solid and takes over Earth 's iron-rich hot core , which occupies about 15 percent of Earth 's volume .
According to Maerz and Paul in their Dictionary of Color , the first recorded use of cerise as a color name in English was in 1858 .
Fujimoto broke his leg on the floor exercise , and due to the closeness in the overall standings with the USSR , he hid the extent of the injury .
Marcus Cocceius Nerva ( 8 November 30 - 27 January 98 ) , commonly known as Nerva , was Roman Emperor from 96 to 98 .
Molten salts and solutions containing dissolved salts ( e.g. sodium chloride in water ) are called electrolytes , as they are able to conduct electricity .
He was best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) where he performed under the ring names Garrison Cade and Lance Cade .
Zeno of Sidon ( 1st century BC ) , Epicurean philosopher
The campaign can be played through alone , with two-players on one Xbox 360 , or played cooperatively with up to three other players via Xbox Live or System Link .
, Chicago , Illinois , US
West 's mascot and trademark is '' Dropout Bear , '' a teddy bear which has appeared on the covers of three of his five albums as well as various single covers and music videos .
In that year , his followers fled Mecca 's leading tribe , the Quraysh , who sent emissaries to Axum to bring them back to Arabia .
Weber was born in Eutin , Holstein , the eldest of the three children of Franz Anton von Weber ( who seems to have had no real claim to a '' von '' denoting nobility ) , and his second wife , Genovefa Brenner , an actress .
Further inland , the National Weather Service issued flash flood watches for western Arizona , southeastern California , southwestern Colorado , southern Nevada and southern Utah on September 26 .
Today , only two of the five schools remain ; Greta Valley and Fifteen Mile School Camp .
Pontvallain is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The name Byzantium is a Latinization of the original name Byzantion .
Assat is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
In the United Kingdom , around 2,600 people are invested personally by The Queen or a member of the Royal Family .
It was first published in 2000 .
The club plays in Ligue 1 , the top division in French football , and are one of the most successful clubs in the country having won seven league titles and five Coupe de France trophies .
In petroleum geology and chemistry , cracking is the process whereby complex organic molecules such as kerogens or heavy hydrocarbons are broken down into simpler molecules ( e.g. light hydrocarbons ) by the breaking of carbon-carbon bonds in the precursors .
The duchies of Thuringia throughout this period typically consisted of several non-contiguous parcels of territory of various sizes .
There he was given a small part by Lew Fields , which led to further work and he became established as a comic actor and conjuror .
The term '' Suzuki method '' is also sometimes used to refer solely to the Suzuki repertoire of sheet music books and/or audio recordings which have been published as part of its music education method .
Toowoomba sits on the watershed of the Great Dividing Range , some 700 m above sea level .
The activity prompted the evacuation of nearby towns and scientists to begin monitoring for an eruption .
Luis , the fifteenth tropical cyclone , had formed from a tropical wave on August 27 .
In 2003 , Nickel Creek appeared on Béla Fleck and the Flecktones 's album Little Worlds .
When it came to naming the park , five titles were considered : San Diego Animal Land , San Diego Safari Land , San Diego Wild Animal Safari , San Diego Wildlife Park and The San Diego Wild Animal Park .
It is an important economic insect since it is the producer of silk .
Osiris was at times considered the oldest son of the Earth god Geb , and the sky goddess Nut , as well as being brother and husband of Isis , with Horus being considered his posthumously begotten son .
Fra Angelico ( c. 1395 -- February 18 , 1455 ) , born Guido di Pietro , was an Early Italian Renaissance painter described by Vasari in his Lives of the Artists as having '' a rare and perfect talent '' .
They are members of the Central Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Charny-le-Bachot is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
She began her television and movie appearances at age 13 in Camp Nowhere and The Secret World of Alex Mack ( 1994 ) .
In 1972 , John Bardeen shared the Nobel Prize in Physics with Leon Neil Cooper of Brown University and John Robert Schrieffer of the University of Pennsylvania for their jointly developed theory of superconductivity , usually called the BCS-theory .
Bernissart is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( , ) , also known as the Sangh or the RSS , is a Hindu revivalist organization in India .
John Enoch Powell , MBE ( 16 June 1912 -- 8 February 1998 ) was a British politician , who served as a Conservative Party MP from 1950-1974 .
In 2005 the Museum of Modern Art launched an exhibition entitled '' Beyond The Visible '' , a comprehensive overview of Redon 's work showcasing more than 100 paintings , drawings , prints and books from The Ian Woodner Family Collection .
Sugar City is a city in Madison County , Idaho , United States .
Francesco Cavalli ( 14 February 1602 & ndash ; 14 January 1676 ) was an Italian composer of the early Baroque period .
The only natural fauna are rabbits ( although birds are often heard , particularly blackcaps and wrens ) .
Proceedings of the Royal Society of Arts & Sciences of Mauritius 6 : 89-122 HTML fulltext Thomas Herbert used the word dodo in 1627Strickland , H.E. ( 1848 ) The Dodo and its Kindred London : Reeve , Benham and Reeve .
Hwang Yoon-Suk , later to be known as Hwanhee , was encouraged to audition by a staff member working for the label at his high school festival .
At the audition , Gellar read both her own lines and those of Harper , impressing the directors enough to cast her in the role .
Tin is the 49th most abundant element and has , with 10 stable isotopes , the largest number of stable isotopes in the periodic table .
The ray-finned fishes are so called because they possess lepidotrichia or '' fin rays '' , their fins being webs of skin supported by bony or horny spines ( '' rays '' ) , as opposed to the fleshy , lobed fins that characterize the class Sarcopterygii .
Federer is married to former Women 's Tennis Association player Mirka Vavrinec .
The population of the city is 83,992 .
British Rail Class 416 ( 2EPB ) electric multiple units were built between 1953 and 1956 .
Tubersent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The two songs are combined to make the original version , as featured on the Camp Rock soundtrack CD .
Despite these positive reactions from the elite , Austen 's novels received relatively few reviews during her lifetime : two for Sense and Sensibility , three for Pride and Prejudice , none for Mansfield Park , and seven for Emma .
This green coke is called fuel grade coke .
In response to pathogens some T cells , called T helper cells , produce cytokines that direct the immune response while other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules that induce the death of pathogen infected cells .
In July 1918 , against the advice of the War Department , President Wilson agreed to send 5,000 U.S. troops as the American North Russia Expeditionary Force ( aka the Polar Bear Expedition ) and 10,000 U.S. troops as the American Expeditionary Force Siberia .
The leaves are 3 - 10 cm long , alternate , simple , with a serrated margin .
In the United States , two organizations are responsible for certification of subspecialists within the field : the American Board of Internal Medicine and the American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine .
Salaunes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In 1952 , the North Territory of Baja California became the 29th state of Mexico , Baja California .
Before 1866 , its northern neighbor was its former sister Landgraviate , since 1803 an Electorate , of Hessen-Kassel -- for this reason , this state was sometimes colloquially known as Hesse-Darmstadt .
Establishments engaged in sexual slavery are the highest priority targets of law enforcement actions against prostitution .
Derbyshire is a mixture of a rural economy in the west , with a former coal mining economy in the northeast ( Bolsover district ) , the Erewash Valley around Ilkeston and in the south around Swadlincote .
The league originally referred to the distance a person or a horse could walk in an hour .
Born in London , he was educated at Highgate School , where a fellow pupil was John Tavener .
Early life Born in Sandon , British Columbia on May 31 , 1903 , Thompson grew up in Calgary , Alberta , where his brother , Paul -- who also became a professional ice hockey player -- was born in 1906 .
Although part of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt within the Cascade Volcanic Arc , it is not considered part of the Cascade Range .
The legal trademark on the term '' Muppet '' is currently held by The Muppets Holding Company ( now The Muppets Studio , LLC , a division of The Walt Disney Company ) ; although Sesame Workshop and The Jim Henson Company continue to use the term on their characters with certain permissions .
Eva Jacqueline Longoria Parker ( born Eva Jacqueline Longoria , March 15 , 1975 ) is a Mexican American film and television actress .
The convection gradually consolidated over the system , and by late on the 1st Chris reached winds of 60 mph ( 95 km\/h ) while passing 50 miles ( 80 km ) north of the northern Leeward Islands .
served as First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
In the fifth game Lasker had a big advantage , but committed a blunder that cost him the game .
population_footnotes = National Institute of Statistics , Population of Tulcea County and its cities on July 1 , 2007 latd = 45 latm = 11 lats = 24 latNS = N longd = 28 longm = 48 longs = 0 longEW = E
After his retirement from playing in 1984 , Cruyff became highly successful as manager of Ajax and later Barcelona ; he remains an influential advisor to both clubs .
Strasbourg is the seat of several European institutions , such as the Council of Europe ( with its European Court of Human Rights , its European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines and its European Audiovisual Observatory ) and the Eurocorps , as well as the European Parliament and the European Ombudsman of the European Union .
Plant life is more diverse in the Middle Missouri but it does not have many species of fish . Finally , the Central Prairie ecoregion is situated on the lower part of the Missouri , encompassing all or parts of Missouri , Kansas , Oklahoma and Arkansas .
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
There he is interrogated with little result and sent bound to Caiaphas the high priest where the Sanhedrin had assembled .
George Clinton ( July 26 , 1739 April 20 , 1812 ) was an American soldier and politician , considered one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Games are distinct from work , which is usually carried out for , and from art , which is more concerned with the expression of ideas .
The complications in communication this brought , along with the necessity of the patient 's treatment in a hospital facility rather than at home , also created a parallel process of compiling patient data into hospital files , which in turn led to the first statistical patient studies .
The town boasts of government-run modern medicine , ayurveda , and nature cure hospital in addition to over 10 private hospitals , clinics and some dental clinics .
March 20 , 1996 : LW Ken Baumgartner traded from Toronto to Anaheim for Winnipeg 's fourth round pick in 1996 Entry Draft ( previously acquired ) .
Characterisation In the books , Harry is categorised as a '' half-blood '' wizard in the series , because although both his parents were magical , his mother , Lily Evans , was '' Muggle-born '' .
The only external body difference was on the final batch of cars where a four character headcode box was fitted above the front cab windows , with the destination indicator on top of a reduced height center window .
Badshah Munir Bukhari and the Director Khowar Academy , Rehmat Aziz Chitrali worked on the language and its family .
Ashley Cole ( born 20 December 1980 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the England national team .
Vis-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 218,812 people , 75,700 households , and 54,352 families residing in the city .
Because of these interruptions , Michelangelo worked on the tomb for 40 years . The tomb , of which the central feature is Michelangelo 's statue of Moses , was never finished to Michelangelo 's satisfaction .
Founded in November 1660 , it was granted a Royal Charter by King Charles II as the '' Royal Society of London '' .
Frederick Nelson Pyatt ( born September 9 , 1953 in Port Arthur , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player .
Minor tributaries include the Morongla Creek .
An Inspector Calls is a play written by English dramatist J. B. Priestley .
Brécy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Huni was the father of Hetepheres I , the wife of Sneferu who was the first king of the Fourth Dynasty .
Vimy ( ; ) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In his memoirs , Lee refers to his immigrant background as a fourth-generation Chinese Singaporean : his Hakka great-grandfather , Lee Bok Boon ( born 1846 ) , emigrated from the Dapu county of Guangdong province to the Straits Settlements in 1862 .
Published by University of California Press in 1961 .
Its natural habitat is humid tropical lowland forest .
Each numbered year is designated either H for Hijra or AH for the Latin anno Hegirae ( in the year of the Hijra ) .
Angelo di Livio ( born July 26 , 1966 in Rome ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) midfielder .
He died of pneumonia at Astapovo station in 1910 after leaving home in the middle of winter at the age of 82 .
The Official Web Site of the British Monarchy , '' Counsellors of State '' .
There are small Mandaean diaspora populations in Sweden ( c. 5,000 ) , Australia ( c. 3,500 as of 2006 ) , the USA ( c. 1,500 ) , the UK ( c. 1,000 ) , and Canada .
Jehan 's original name was Sonya Rizvi but she changed her last name to Jehan in honor of her grandmother , Noor Jehan , a legendary singer and actress in British India and Pakistan .
The thymus contributes more naive T cells at younger ages .
A Wizard of Earthsea , first published in 1968 , is the first of a series of books written by Ursula K. Le Guin and set in the fantasy world archipelago of Earthsea depicting the adventures of a budding young wizard named Ged .
They have released a bulletin over their MySpace account giving information about the contest .
S bu Line ( Rapid ) ( including Narita Express service )
While on his way , Elijah meets Obadiah , the head of Ahab 's household , who had hidden a hundred prophets of the God of Israel when Ahab and Jezebel had been killing them . Elijah sends Obadiah back to Ahab to announce his return to Israel .
He became organist of Winchester College in 1598 , moving to Chichester Cathedral .
The is a handheld game console produced by Nintendo , and the third iteration of the Nintendo DS handheld gaming console , following the Nintendo DS Lite .
This was the second season to initially divide the tribes by gender .
Candidates for government office must take civil-service examinations .
Chicago O'Hare International Airport , also known as O'Hare Airport , O'Hare Field , or simply O'Hare , is a major airport located in the northwestern-most corner of Chicago , Illinois , United States , 17 m northwest of the Chicago Loop .
Linen is a textile made from the fibers of the flax plant , Linum usitatissimum .
finance .
Living Waters Publications ( LWP ) acts as an online store for WOTM .
The name Dattatreya can be divided into two words - '' Datta '' ( meaning given ) and '' Atreya '' referring to the sage Atri , his physical father ) .
Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman , directed by Christopher Nolan .
Mustelidae or Mustelids ( from Latin mustela , weasel ) , commonly referred to as the weasel family , is a family of carnivorous mammals .
La Isabela ( D.M. )
Since 2003 , Weatherly has starred as Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo on the CBS TV show NCIS .
Bertrand du Guesclin , or Du Gueselin ( c. 1320 13 July 1380 ) , known as the Eagle of Brittany , was a Breton knight and French military commander during the Hundred Years ' War .
In 1996 , UNESCO declared the town a World Heritage Site , and in 2004 the entire valley , the Val d'Orcia , was included on the list of UNESCO 's World Cultural Landscapes .
Founded in 1979 by Bob and Harvey Weinstein and headquartered in New York City and Cambridge , Massachusetts , Miramax was a leading independent film motion picture distribution and production company before it was acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 1993 .
All languages use pitch semantically , that is , as intonation , for instance for emphasis , to convey surprise or irony , or to pose a question .
It featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown , and ECW brands .
Ali Amrozi bin Haji Nurhasyim ( also known as Amrozi ) ( 5 July 1962 9 November 2008 ) was an Indonesian terrorist sentenced to death for his part in the 2002 Bali bombings .
Takahiro Masukawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Nagoya Grampus .
Leaves are spirally arranged and may grow 2.7 m long and 60 c wide .
He was elected on May 17 , 2005 , defeating incumbent mayor James Hahn , and then re-elected for a second term in 2009 .
In June- July 2002 it was the site of the colossal and meticulously choreographed '' Arirang '' gymnastic and artistic performance ( often referred to elsewhere as '' mass games '' ) .
Nearly all Dutch provinces can trace their origin to a medieval state , such as a county or a duchy , as can the provinces of regions in Belgium .
A retail merchant or retailer , sells commodities to consumers ( including businesses ) .
Virginia Elizabeth '' Geena '' Davis ( born January 21 , 1956 ) is an American actress , film producer , writer , former fashion model , and a women 's Olympics archery team semi-finalist .
He changed teams again for 2002 , taking his Super Nova Racing car to three victories and seven pole positions .
It should be noted , though , that while Stowe claimed A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin documented her previously consulted sources , she actually read many of the cited works only after the publication of her novel .
They are also the only team to have won the Série A six times , and in addition have won the Campeonato Paulista 21 times .
The corresponding formation on the ceiling of a cave is known as a stalactite .
The film documents a Keynote presentation ( dubbed '' the slide show '' ) that Gore presented throughout the world .
Bierné is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
It is not intended to imply that all those who appear on the list were practicing Baptists or that they remained Baptists their entire lives .
The most recent proposal was put forward as part of Scotland 's bid to jointly host the UEFA Euro 2008 championship , with several clubs seeking to benefit from a new stadium .
Belief in the existence of a Terra Australis - a vast continent in the far south of the globe to '' balance '' the northern lands of Europe , Asia and North Africa - has existed since the times of Ptolemy ( 1st century AD ) , who suggested the idea to preserve the symmetry of all known landmasses in the world .
Douville-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Denzel Washington won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 2001 and the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in 2002 for his performance in Training Day , and Ethan Hawke was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2001 for the film .
In these early Baroque operas , broad comedy was blended with tragic elements in a mix that jarred some educated sensibilities , sparking the first of opera 's many reform movements , sponsored by Venice 's Arcadian Academy which came to be associated with the poet Metastasio , whose libretti helped crystallize the genre of opera seria , which became the leading form of Italian opera until the end of the 18th century .
Additionally , cocoa was given as a dowry when members of the Spanish Royal Family married other European aristocrats .
In 1564 , Dee wrote the Hermetic work Monas Hieroglyphica ( '' The Hieroglyphic Monad '' ) , an exhaustive Cabalistic interpretation of a glyph of his own design , meant to express the mystical unity of all creation .
I\/O devices are used by a person ( or other system ) to communicate with a computer .
The paper 's first issue was published on 7 March 1952 after the Musical Express and Accordion Weekly was bought by London music promoter Maurice Kinn , and relaunched as the New Musical Express .
This horrible pun and delicious candy promotes WikiLove and tells the world how low you will stoop for the sake of humor .
Each of the six state teams plays an annual double round-robin series of home and away 4-day matches against every other team .
In recent years , Rangers have introduced a third kit .
Andreas Bernd Baader ( 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 ) was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof group .
Yanomamo : The Fierce People ( Chagnon 1998 ; Chagnon 1992 ; Chagnon 1983 ) Traditionally they did not farm .
The contents of Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats , along with the name of the featured cat when appropriate , are :
An early examples of this is the Brooklyn Superbas , who started to use a blue pattern for their road uniforms in 1907 .
It is commonly referred to simply as the Order of St. John , or as the Venerable Order of Saint John ( VOSJ ) when distinction from other similarly named orders is desired .
Gabriel Popescu ( born 25 December 1973 ) is a Romanian footballer .
Hardy debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) on June 23 , 2004 , at the Second Anniversary Show , in a match against TNA X Division Champion A.J. Styles , for the title .
Sycorax was discovered on 1997-09-06 by Brett J. Gladman , Philip D. Nicholson , Joseph A. Burns , and John J. Kavelaars using the 200-inch Hale telescope , together with Caliban and given the temporary designation S/1997 U 2 .
Reed reprised his role in the variety show , The Brady Bunch Hour , as well as The Brady Brides , several made-for-TV Brady movies , and new series that followed , The Bradys .
In 2008 and 2009 , Paste was nominated for a National Magazine Award in the category of General Excellence .
nuclei ; from Latin or , meaning kernel ) , also sometimes referred to as the '' control center '' , is a membrane-enclosed organelle found in eukaryotic cells .
The Reichstag had passed a Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service that called for the immediate sacking of all Jewish civil servants at the Reich , Land , and municipal levels .
Its very dark surface and relatively large distance from the Sun means Interamnia can never be seen with 10x50 binoculars .
Goebel also made history at the 2002 Olympics by becoming the first skater to successfully land a quad salchow jump in combination in Olympic competition .
In the first year , 1967 , Gimnasia y Esgrima devoted itself champion of the '' Promocional '' tournament .
In Canada , the twelfth grade is referred to as Grade 12 . Grade 12 is the 13th year after kindergarten .
Barium oxide , BaO , is a white hygroscopic compound formed by the burning of barium in oxygen , although it is often formed through the decomposition of other barium salts .
The daughter of a Czech father and British mother , Vera Menchik was born in Moscow but , in the aftermath of World War I and the Russian Revolution , moved with her family to England in 1921 .
In its first week , the album sold 240,000 copies , far surpassing the 38,000 best-week sales of the band 's previous album , Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge .
During his tenure he was the first governor of New York of African American heritage and also the second legally blind governor of any U.S. state after Bob C. Riley , who was Acting Governor of Arkansas for 11 days in January 1975 .
Deputy Prime Minister ( 1999-2008 ) Michael Cullen Pamela Tate SC , appointed Solicitor-General for Victoria , Australia in 2003 , was born in Dunedin , and received one of her degrees from the University of Otago .
In 1119 , it was transformed into the headquarters for the Templar Knights .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
Chapters can be numbered in the case of such writings as law code ( see Chapter 7 or Chapter 11 ) or they can be titled .
and the third hurricane of the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season .
In Bahrain , Hamilton got his first front-row start , qualifying and finishing second behind Felipe Massa .
He has also played with the Red Hot Chili Peppers , Nine Inch Nails , and The Panic Channel .
Ruzi Ying , great-grandson of Emperor Xuan Han , Emperor of China ( d. 25 ) .
Through east-west oscillation motions of the Icelandic low and the Azores high , it controls the strength and direction of westerly winds and storm tracks across the North Atlantic .
This was a landmark for the stadium , as it represented the final stand of the original ground to be replaced .
In return , the plant gains the benefits of the mycelium 's higher absorptive capacity for water and mineral nutrients ( due to comparatively large surface area of mycelium : root ratio ) , thus improving the plant 's mineral absorption capabilities .
WJAC-TV is the NBC-affiliated television station for the Allegheny area of Pennsylvania that is licensed to Johnstown .
Following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake , Powderfinger appeared at the WaveAid fund raising concert in Sydney , to raise funds for aid organisations working in the disaster affected areas .
Many people consider Burke to be one of the founders of conservatism .
Hato Mayor del Rey is the capital of Hato Mayor province , Dominican Republic . It is bordered on the North by the municipalities of El Valle and Sabana de la Mar , on the South by the province San Pedro de Macoris , on the East by the province El Seibo and on the West by the municipality of Bayaguana , Monte Plata .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
Sources includes : Steam - Water is boiled by : nuclear fission , the burning of fossil fuels ( coal , natural gas , or petroleum ) .
It is considered a pre-requisite to a strict service economy interpretation of ( fictional , national , legal ) '' commodity '' and '' product '' relationships .
Electric current & ndash ; a movement or flow of electrically charged particles , typically measured in amperes .
a wooden baton , about 60 x 3 cm , for parrying blows and controlling unruly suspects
It is one of the northernmost cities in the world , and is the northernmost city in the United States , with nearby Point Barrow being the nation 's northernmost point .
God is understood to have a will and personality and is an all powerful , divine and benevolent being .
The territory of the South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate .
On an international basis , poets may submit their poems .
Oh , What a Lovely War !
To get an acceptable typesetting result , some page elements need to be displayed differently .
The University is named after Dr. Horace Brinsmade Silliman , a retired businessman and philanthropist from Cohoes , New York who gave the initial sum of $ 10,000 to start the school .
In the county the population was spread out with 18.60 % under the age of 18 , 6.20 % from 18 to 24 , 22.80 % from 25 to 44 , 29.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.70 % who were 65 years of age or older .
He is the 75th and current United States Secretary of the Treasury , serving under President Barack Obama .
By 1944 , the character got so big that Globus created a separate company to deal with , and in 1948 Globi had sold over one million picture books .
Patients with type 2 diabetes are often insulin resistant , and because of such resistance , may suffer from a '' relative '' insulin deficiency .
Austrian ethologist Karl von Frisch was one of the first who translated the meaning of the waggle dance .
Many RAID levels employ an error protection scheme called '' parity '' . Most use the simple XOR parity described in this section , but RAID 6 uses two separate parities based respectively on addition and multiplication in a particular Galois Field .
Neurosarcoidosis ( sometimes shortened to neurosarcoid ) refers to sarcoidosis , a condition of unknown cause featuring granulomas in various tissues , involving the central nervous system ( brain and spinal cord ) .
Originating in Neapolitan cuisine , the dish has become popular in many different parts of the world .
Several leagues , known as independent leagues , do not have any links to Major League Baseball .
The Punjabi identity was primarily cultural and linguistic , with Punjabis being those who considered the Punjabi Language their first language .
It was named in honor of their father Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby .
Obsidian has low water content when fresh , typically less than 1 % water by weight , but becomes progressively hydrated when exposed to groundwater , forming perlite .
February 18 -- Fort St. Louis is established by a Frenchman at Matagorda Bay , thus forming the basis for France 's claim to Texas .
Haynes learned to dribble the basketball from his sisters , and perhaps was aided by the skill of handling the ball on the dirt courts of his hometown .
At its basic level , MT performs simple substitution of words in one natural language for words in another , but that alone usually can not produce a good translation of a text , because recognition of whole phrases and their closest counterparts in the target language is needed .
In the wild , nautiluses usually inhabit depths of about 300 m , rising to around 100 m at night to feed , mate and to lay eggs .
Steve Berry first appeared in print with his historical thrillers The Amber Room and The Romanov Prophecy in 2003 and 2004 .
The games have been credited with making the Winter Olympics more popular in the United States , not least of which because of ABC 's extensive coverage of Fleming and Killy , who became overnight sensations among teenage girls .
The nearby Stevenage Leisure Park has a multiplex cinema , clubs and restaurants .
He went on to study at the CEGEP in Joliette , where he listened to the music of Leo Kottke , Don Ross , and Michael Hedges at the behest of his teacher .
Ernst Theodor Wilhelm Hoffmann ( January 24 , 1776 & ndash ; June 25 , 1822 ) , better known by his pen name E.T.A. Hoffmann ( Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann ) , was a German Romantic author of fantasy and horror , a jurist , composer , music critic , draftsman and caricaturist .
Originally , Zip disks launched with capacities of 100 MB , but later versions increased this to first 250 MB and then 750 MB .
It is also at the intersection of an east -- west and a north -- south Trans-Saharan trade route across the Sahara to Araouane .
Years later , Sharrell invented heated metal hair-care implements , such as hot combs .
He has starred in action-adventures , thrillers , and dramatic feature films but is best known for his role as Blade in the Blade trilogy .
A chief executive officer ( CEO ) or chief executive is the highest-ranking corporate officer ( executive ) or administrator in charge of total management of an organization .
Since 1979 , '' Nuna asiilasooq '' ( The Land of Great Length ) , an anthem used by the self-governing Kalaallit people , has also been officially recognized by the government .
Beauvoir 's metaphysical novel She Came to Stay was followed by many others , including The Blood of Others which explores the nature of individual responsibility , and The Mandarins , which won her the Prix Goncourt , France 's highest literary prize . The Mandarins is set just after the end of World War II .
Nathan Joel '' Nate '' Marquardt ( born April 20 , 1979 ) is an American mixed martial artist .
Tekken 6 : Bloodline Rebellion is the update to Tekken 6 .
During the early '80s he wrote an introductory textbook synthesizing the current economics knowledge .
Crystalline solids are found to have energy bands , instead of or in addition to energy levels .
Arlington is a community ( and census-designated place ) in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
As well as providing camouflage with their background , some cephalopods bioluminesce , shining light downwards to disguise their shadows from any predators that may lurk below .
His latest album , Is and Always Was , was released on October 6 , 2009 on his Eternal Yip Eye Music record label .
Hercules rips the warlock 's shirt and sees that the heart belongs to the warlock .
He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
He was best known for his abstract monumental bronze sculptures which are located around the world as public works of art .
Der Spiegel ( , '' The Mirror '' ) is a German weekly magazine , published in Hamburg .
Sunstein , Emily W . A Different Face : The Life of Mary Wollstonecraft .
The Airport Express also offers flight check-in facilities at Kowloon Station and Hong Kong Station - the in-town check-ins offers a more convenient and time-saving routine ; a free shuttle bus service transports travellers from these stations to their respective hotels as well .
The Pirelli Calendar has become an annual publication that belies its origin in 1964 as merely a trade calendar published by the Pirelli company 's UK subsidiary .
In February 2006 , THQ revised this possible release window , saying the game would not be in stores until the first quarter of 2007 .
The North American Beaver ( Castor canadensis ) , also called the Canadian Beaver ( which is also the name of a subspecies ) , American Beaver , or simply Beaver in North America , is native to Canada , much of the United States and parts of northern Mexico . The chief feature distinguishing C. canadensis from C. fiber is the form of the nasal bones of the skull .
M \* A \* S \* H is an American television series developed by Larry Gelbart , adapted from the 1970 feature film MASH ( which was itself based on the 1968 novel MASH : A Novel About Three Army Doctors , by Richard Hooker ) .
Saint-Germain-la-Blanche-Herbe is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In May 2001 , he founded the Earth Policy Institute to provide a vision and a road map for achieving an environmentally sustainable economy .
Timothy William '' Tim '' Burton ( born August 25 , 1958 ) is an American film director , producer , writer and artist .
Beethoven contributed to the repertoire with a Triple Concerto for piano , violin , cello and orchestra while later in the century , Brahms wrote a Double Concerto for violin , cello and orchestra .
In 1904 , at the age of 24 , Keller graduated from Radcliffe , becoming the first deaf blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree .
Mauve ( , rhymes with '' stove '' ; from the French form of Malva '' mallow '' ) is a pale lavender-lilac color , one of many in the range of purples .
Geography Thuringia borders on ( from the northwest and clockwise ) the German states of Lower Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt , Saxony , Bavaria and Hesse .
After Adolf Hitler 's rise to power in 1933 the Nuremberg rallies became huge Nazi propaganda events , a center of Nazi ideals .
Naturism promotes social nudity , but mostly on private properties or officially sanctioned public areas .
On 15 April 1878 Fitzpatrick , whilst drunk , paid a visit to the Kelly household , claiming he had a warrant for the arrest of Dan Kelly for horse stealing .
Kevin Jeffrey Clash ( born September 17 , 1960 ) is an American voice actor and puppeteer whose characters include Elmo , Baby Sinclair , Clifford , Splinter and Hoots the Owl .
He then completed work on a sequel to The Wind Waker for the Nintendo DS , The Legend of Zelda : Phantom Hourglass , followed by another Nintendo DS title , The Legend of Zelda : Spirit Tracks .
Vladimir Mikhailovich Jurowski ( ; born 4 July 1972 , Birgisson , Russia ) is a Russian conductor . He is the son of conductor Mikhail Jurowski .
( '' Buffing '' also refers to in-game effects that temporarily enhance performance ; both usages come from a core meaning of increasing power levels . )
In her will , Monroe left Lee Strasberg her personal effects , which amounted to just over half of her residuary estate , expressing her desire that he '' distribute ( the effects ) among my friends , colleagues and those to whom I am devoted '' .
The San Francisco Symphony ( SFS ) is an orchestra based in San Francisco , California .
One of the best known philosophical theories of autonomy was developed by Kant .
In August 2008 , she appeared on the Indian version of Big Brother , Bigg Boss , but withdrew early from the show and returned to the UK after being told she had cervical cancer .
Starch was widely used in Europe in the 16th and 17th centuries to stiffen the wide collars and ruffs of fine linen which surrounded the necks of the well-to-do .
NBC canceled the series in May 2006 and did not broadcast the remaining episodes .
The 2009 KCAs featured a new award called '' The Big Green Help Award '' ( the award is colored in green to further the theme ) which goes to the celebrity who goes above and beyond to help the environment .
Articles Anecdotes from Steve Jobs ' early days in Apple as reported by Andy Hertzfeld .
In The Open Championship golf tournament , the Silver Medal is an award presented to the lowest scoring amateur player at the tournament .
Popular tricks include toilet papering yards and buildings , powder-bombing and egging cars , people , and homes , using soap to write on windows , '' forking '' yards , setting off consumer fireworks , and smashing pumpkins and jack-o ' - lanterns .
Aucasaurus was a genus of medium-sized theropod dinosaur from Argentina that lived during the Santonian stage ( Anacleto Formation ) .
Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It declared its secession from the Union on January 21 , 1861 , and was one of the original seven Confederate states .
Caracal caracal lucani ( Rochebrune , 1885 ) , Gabon
Germanicus and Tiberius 's son , Drusus Julius Caesar , were dispatched with a small force to quell the uprising and bring the legions back in line .
Several streets were temporarily shut down due to flooding , including one tunnel , and three schools had to be evacuated .
Capablanca won brilliantly against Bernstein in the very first round , more simply against Nimzowitsch , and astounded the chess world by taking first place , with a score of six wins , one loss and seven draws , ahead of Akiba Rubinstein , Milan Vidmar , Marshall , Carl Schlechter and Siegbert Tarrasch , et al . .
With Poole and Christchurch it forms the South East Dorset conurbation , which has a total population of approximately 400,000 .
Chinese materia medica ( ) , is also the medicine based on traditional Chinese medicine theory .
Edinho Baiano ( born 27 July 1967 ) is a former Brazilian footballer .
Athletes without a disability also compete at the Paralympics : The sighted guides for athletes with a visual impairment , are such a close and essential part of the competition , that the athlete with visual impairment and the guide are considered a team , and both athletes are medal candidates .
He was a professor at Ruhr University in Bochum from 1968 till 2002 .
In modern parlance , one usually tries to clarify the ` type ' of violone by adding a qualifier based on the tuning ( such as '' G violone '' or '' D violone '' ) or on geography ( such as '' Viennese violone '' ) , or by using other terms that have a more precise connotation ( such as '' bass violin '' or '' violoncello '' or '' bass viol '' ) .
The Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran Church built Teller Mission across the harbor from Teller in 1900 .
The Department of the Interior of the United States is in charge of the island , which is currently called the Baker Island National Wildlife Refuge .
They signed their first record deal with Emerald Moon Records in 2004 and released their first EP , titled The Three Words to Remember in Dealing with the End .
The fruit is yellow-orange skinned and largely an oblate spheroid ; it ranges in diameter from 10 -- 15 cm .
( The lyrics are truncated , to keep them short , per copyright restrictions limiting to 10 % , or prohibiting the display of an entire performable unit , of a composition ) .
Olivier has been charged with one murder and for helping him with a further six .
Some looser confederations are similar to intergovernmental organizations , while tighter confederations may resemble federations .
He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology , The Cell .
May 6 & ndash ; Louis XIV of France moves his court to Versailles .
In 2008 , as a Senior , Ringer was a Heisman Trophy candidate .
In arts and entertainment :
Some of the more common examples include : Red roses are given as a symbol of love , beauty , and passion .
Kalamazoo is served by one daily newspaper , the Kalamazoo Gazette .
Big Brother In the Big Brother house , she and another participant , Micke , became involved in a relationship which was followed closely by the producers .
He was famously described by Lady Caroline Lamb as '' mad , bad and dangerous to know '' .
Israel is a representative democracy with a parliamentary system and universal suffrage .
Chasing them is '' the Deacon '' ( Dennis Hopper ) , who is the captain of a derelict oil tanker , the Exxon Valdez , and the leader of the smokers .
The British Antarctic Territory ( BAT ) is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom as one of its 14 British Overseas Territories .
Two years later , San Antonio was established as the first Spanish civilian settlement in Texas .
Traditionally , absinthe is prepared by placing a sugar cube on top of a specially designed slotted spoon and then placing the spoon on the glass which has been filled with a shot of absinthe .
The film was written and directed by Patty Jenkins .
Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port ( literally meaning '' Saint John at the foot of the mountain pass '' in French ) ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France close to Ostabat in the Pyrenean foothills .
The Cradle of Modern America , The Athens of America , The Walking City
Because of these different forms of interaction , the three types of radiation are suitable for different crystallographic studies .
It was replaced for the 2006 season with Kirk .
Tabs are the primary component of Chrome 's user interface and as such , have been moved to the top of the window rather than below the controls .
Homolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid from pyruvate ; alcoholic fermentation is the conversion of pyruvate into ethanol and carbon dioxide ; and heterolactic fermentation is the production of lactic acid as well as other acids and alcohols .
The tale plays with logic in ways that have given the story lasting popularity with adults as well as children .
On July 6 , 2008 , it rose to # 4 on VH1 's VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown .
Geography Chandpur district has a total area of 1704.06 square kilometers .
Yaoundé ( ) is the capital of Cameroon and second largest city in the country after Douala .
Its inaccessibility was enhanced by having Eaglehawk Neck lined with guards and guard dogs , to prevent the escape of any convicts .
Hertha 's amateur side enjoyed a greater measure of success , advancing all the way to the final of the German Cup in 1993 where their run ended in a close 0:1 defeat at the hands of Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
Olfaction ( also known as olfactics ; adjectival form : '' olfactory '' ) is the sense of smell .
This has even gone so far as judges openly stating that they are indifferent to the reactions of the government , the Bundestag , public opinion or any financial consequences arising from a decision with the only relevant point being the constitution .
January 12 & ndash ; March 16 & ndash ; Caliph Al-Muqtafi Successfully defended Baghdad against the coalition forces of Sultan Muhammad of Hamadan , and Atabeg Qutb-adin of Mosul
It was dated using Berylium based Radiometric dating as living circa .
Servius Sulpicius Galba is a Roman Consul .
Thallium ( III ) hydroxide , Tl ( OH ) 3 , is a hydroxide of thallium .
In economics , a good is any object or service that increases utility , directly or indirectly .
It was a long sword with 2 -- 4 feet blade and a haft with 2 -- 3 feet length .
This route was usable only on the lower part of the tide .
In response , the Manchester Patriotic Union , a group agitating for parliamentary reform , organised a demonstration to be addressed by the well-known radical orator Henry Hunt .
Gloucestershire is a historic county mentioned in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle in the 10th century , though the areas of Winchcombe and the Forest of Dean were not added until the late 11th century .
The average annual precipitation varies between 900 mm to 1,800 mm depending on the metropolitan zone for a citywide average of approximately 1,000 mm .
Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz ( 19 May 1744 -- 17 November 1818 ) was the queen-consort of the United Kingdom as wife of King George III .
He also managed to capture two Southeastern Conference Titles and the 1952 National Title , which concluded a 12 -- 0 perfect season and Sugar Bowl conquest of Ole Miss./LOCATION.
The only changes made in the Territorial Seal design being the substitution of the words , '' State of Colorado '' and the figures '' 1876 '' for the corresponding inscriptions on the territorial seal .
Fagin and his pets , now including Oliver , hit the streets to sell some shoddy goods and perhaps steal money .
Kachi-kachi Yama , the story of a villainous Tanuki and a heroic rabbit .
Malé International Airport is on adjacent Hulhule Island which includes a seaplane base for internal transportation .
A total of 18 clubs have competed in the SPL since its inauguration in 1998 99 , but only two have won the title : Celtic ( six ) and Rangers ( five ) .
It is a common sight in both zoos and private reptile collections .
In most systems , 0 was identified before the idea of negative things that go lower than zero was accepted .
Prizes are awarded yearly in twenty-one categories .
It was only enacted thirty years later as part of the Reorganization Plan Number 1 of 1953 , transmitted to Congress by Dwight D. Eisenhower on March 12 , 1953 .
He is best known for his role as the scientific director of the Manhattan Project , the World War II effort to develop the first nuclear weapons at the secret Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico .
The chapter house also displays the best-preserved of the four surviving original copies of Magna Carta .
The current President pro tempore of the Senate is Robert Byrd ( D-West Virginia ) .
While firmly rooted in Scandinavian death metal , Opeth has consistently incorporated influence by progressive music , folk , blues rock and jazz into their usually-lengthy compositions .
On the Underground 's Victoria line the station is between Finsbury Park and King 's Cross St. Pancras stations .
Singer was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1978Text of Nobel Lecture .
From June to December 1970 he commanded the 355th Tactical Fighter Wing , an F-105 Thunderchief unit , during its final months of service in the Vietnam War , and retired in March 1972 .
George Herbert Leigh Mallory ( 18 June 1886 & ndash ; 8\/9 June 1924 ) was an English mountaineer who took part in the first three British expeditions to Mount Everest in the early 1920s .
However , on May 25 , 2010 it was announced that Formula One would return to the United States in 2012 at a new purpose- built track in Austin , Texas .
Captain America is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
He was knighted in 1965 and appointed to the Order of Merit in 1981 .
It is hoped that the readers will spread the news that is relevant for their home-wiki to their local community and that they report news back upstream so it can be shared with the rest of the Wikimedia community
In 1890 , Taft was appointed Solicitor General of the United States and in 1891 a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit .
In 1901 , the American inventor King Camp Gillette , with the assistance of William Nickerson , invented a safety razor with disposable blades .
Chalair Aviation , an airline , has its head office on the grounds of Caen - Carpiquet Airport in Carpiquet .
A simple example is when equally-spaced divisions on the vertical axis of a chart are labeled 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 , instead of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .
Australopithecus africanus
On September 30 , 1994 , the line , which was making a loss of seven pounds for each passenger journey and was in need of some expensive maintenance work , was finally closed to the public , the Central Line terminating at Epping Station .
New York state was one of the original thirteen colonies that became the United States .
Great Bernera , often known just as Bernera is an island in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
Several suggestions have been made for the possible origin of rings .
The Hallé is a symphony orchestra based in Manchester , England .
He was known predominantly for his evening and wedding gown collections .
There is evidence that at least some of the people living in Teotihuacan came from areas influenced by the Teotihuacano civilization , including the Zapotec , Mixtec and Maya peoples .
The Mauritius national football team , nicknamed Club M , is the national team of Mauritius and is controlled by the Mauritius Football Association .
It is the fourth released game set in the fantasy Warcraft universe , which was first introduced by Warcraft : Orcs & Humans in 1994 .
It is a remake of the British sitcom , Man About the House .
The five elements are : Air , Fire , Water and Earth , plus Aether ( or Spirit ) , which unites the other four .
David Linsay Willetts ( born 9 March 1956 ) is a British politician .
Members of the order are distinguished by their skins , which bear horny scales or shields .
In the top-left it shows the Starkenburg castle , which is one of the major landmarks in the district and a reminiscence of the former Province Starkenburg , a former provinces of the Grand Duchy of Hesse , to which the District once belonged .
Gardiner was named to the First All-Star Team , and won the Vezina Trophy for his first time .
One of two species of whale in the Monodontidae family , along with the Beluga whale , the narwhal males are distinguished by a characteristic long , straight , helical tusk extending from their upper left jaw .
The incidence of the syndrome is estimated as one in 3,000 live births .
The 7 '' single debut of the George Baker Selection was released by the label Negram , which misprinted the actual title of the song , which is '' Little Green Back ( greenback meaning money ) and '' greenback '' is the lyric actually sung .
Archer lost a libel case after accusations in his book Twist in the Tale , portraying Major General James Oluleye to be a thief .
On string instruments , for example , the finger used to stop the string can be wobbled on the fingerboard , or actually moved up and down the string for a wider vibrato .
The accident was apparently due to a cable which fireworks were traveling across snapping , thus resulting in the fireworks exploding into the top rows of the upper bowl of the stadium .
In 1816 Tsar Alexander I permitted the Polish authorities to create a university , comprising five departments : Law and Administration , Medicine , Philosophy , Theology , and Art and Humanities .
He has no reserve powers related to government .
Claggart begins to tell Vere about the danger that Billy represents , but is interrupted by the sighting of a French ship .
The International Electrotechnical Commission 's standard IEC 60027 specifies the symbol to be Mbit , but Mb is also in common use .
The studio has earned twenty-four Academy Awards , six Golden Globes , and three Grammys , among many other awards , acknowledgments and achievements and has made $ 5.5 billion worldwide .
The action then proceeds to the left .
In the interview Berberich revealed that she has not changed her passion against the '' fascism '' of the German state .
'' Turtle '' may either refer to the Testudines as a whole , or to particular Testudines which make up a form taxon that is not monophyletic -- see also sea turtle , terrapin , tortoise , and the discussion below .
The population of domestic ruminants is greater than 3.5 billion , with cattle , sheep , and goats accounting for about 95 % of the total population .
An initiative of the regional government of Extremadura , Spain , gnuLinEx is intended to be used in all schools in Extremadura , as well as in official institutions .
Typical work might involve developing a model and sampling plans , analyzing survey results , or contributing to agricultural or econometric forecasts .
Although poorly paid , she saved whatever she could and traveled as often as possible to Copenhagen to be with Lars , often just over a weekend , spending most of her time on the train back and forth .
at :2002 text : Sonic Advance 2
Secondhand Serenade is an American acoustic rock solo project fronted by vocalist and guitarist John Vesely .
These changes may remain through cell divisions for the remainder of the cell 's life and may also last for multiple generations .
On 1 January 2009 Altdorf merged with Bibern , SH , Hofen , SH , Opfertshofen and Thayngen to form the municipality of Thayngen .
A page-turner is often necessary for musicians who are playing complex pieces and prefer not to play from memory .
For more information , see the main article about albums .
Marie is telling her child to go to sleep while admiring earrings which the Drum-major gave her .
est .
The federal government comprises three distinct branches of government , a legislature , an executive and a judiciary .
The Métis spoke or still speak either Métis French or a mixed language called Michif .
Genre = Hardcore punk , punk rock
By far , the most common type of timpani used today is the pedal timpani , which allows the tension of the head to be adjusted using a pedal mechanism .
While at Pola , he discovered his first asteroid , 136 Austria , on March 18 , 1874 .
Hunan Satellite Television introduced a second season of Super Girl on March 19 , 2005 .
Administration The total area of the district is 1516 square kilometres and is divided into three Tehsils .
Some phagocytes then travel to the body 's lymph nodes and display the material to white blood cells called lymphocytes .
The Bengal Fox ( Vulpes bengalensis ) , also known as the Indian Fox , is a fox endemic to the Indian subcontinent and is found from the Himalayan foothills and Terai of Nepal through southern IndiaVanak , A.T. ( 2005 ) Distribution and status of the Indian fox Vulpes bengalensis in southern India .
In 2004 , breast cancer caused 519,000 deaths worldwide ( 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 1 % of all deaths ) .
Robert Jordan was the pen name of James Oliver Rigney , Jr. ( October 17 , 1948 & ndash ; September 16 , 2007 ) , under which he was best known as the author of the bestselling The Wheel of Time fantasy series .
The LiveUpdate component is purposely left behind to update other Norton-branded products , but is not uninstalled if they are not present .
However , they do not all start with 0 points .
Claws are used to catch and hold prey in carnivorous mammals such as cats and dogs , but may also be used for such purposes as digging , climbing trees , etc , in those and other species .
E numbers are number codes for food additives that have been assessed for use within the European Union ( the '' E '' prefix stands for '' Europe '' ) .
In 1999 he was made the UK 's first Children 's Laureate .
MTRCL has often developed properties next to stations to complement its already profitable railway business . Many recently built stations were incorporated into large housing estates or shopping complexes .
The club formed in 2007 from a merger of two Sagawa Express corporation football clubs in JFL ; Sagawa Express Tokyo S.C. and Sagawa Express Osaka S.C. .
Asia Baekje invades the outskirts of Silla in the Korean peninsula .
A former quarry is visible on its south ridge .
Statistics of Austrian first league in the 1934/1935 season .
In 1968 , Humphrey was the nominee of the Democratic Party in the 1968 presidential election but narrowly lost to the Republican nominee , Richard Nixon .
With about 270 hotels , Lourdes has the second greatest number of hotels in France after Paris .
On the 12th of December , Hong Kong defeated Japan and took their first East Asian Games football gold medal in the first major competition Hong Kong football team have won . This unexpected and surprising result , raised the belief that the Hong Kong football team could perform for football lovers in Hong Kong .
The county was formed on April 17 , 1881 , from parts of Orange County and Wake County , taking the name of its own county seat .
Under-cover plain clothes police officers seized three suspects who were later convicted and sentenced .
It is situated 5 m south-east of Charing Cross .
Yathrib was soon renamed Madinat un-Nabi , literally '' the City of the Prophet '' , but un-Nabi was soon dropped , so its name in English is Medina , meaning '' the city '' .
Motherwell is a large town and former burgh in North Lanarkshire , Scotland , south east of Glasgow .
In 1669 , German alchemist Hennig Brand attempted to create the philosopher 's stone from his urine , and in the process he produced a white material that glowed in the dark .
This is a list of some of the forests in the United Kingdom .
Banchan are set in the middle of the table to be shared .
It is primarily used in memory cards , USB flash drives , and solid-state drives for general storage and transfer of data between computers and other digital products .
The single was the first million-selling record ever recorded in British Columbia .
Most men usually have wallets , while women have usually have purses .
Mark Antony , having vaguely learned of the plot the night before from a terrified Liberator named Servilius Casca , and fearing the worst , went to head Caesar off at the steps of the forum .
Fortifications are military constructions and buildings designed for defense in warfare and military bases .
It was titled Naked Lunch and was substantially different from the Olympia Press edition , because it was based on an earlier 1958 manuscript in Allen Ginsberg 's possession . The article '' the '' in the title was never intended by the author , but added by the editors of the Olympia Press 1959 edition .
Tom Felton as Draco Malfoy , a wizard from a rich background .
Khodadad Azizi ( , born 22 June 1971 in Fariman , Iran ) is a retired professional football striker .
The hill was viewed then as an '' excellent sanatorium '' , as the air was '' cooler and fresher than the plain , producing an agreeable exhilaration of spirits '' .
Another dinosaur species discovered in 1994 was at first named A. yahnahpin but in 1998 it was renamed Eobrontosaurus yahnahpin .
The area is in the northern part of the city , reaching from Holborn and Bloomsbury in the south to Hampstead Heath in the north .
The 1899 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and the first half of fall in 1899 .
After the demo recording , drummer Samu Ruotsalainen ( from Barathrum , Shape of Despair and Rapture ) , guitarist Samuli Ponsimaa , keyboardist Henri Sorvali ( from Moonsorrow ) and bassist Sami Uusitalo joined the band .
Courses The orchestra meets three times a year during the school holidays at New Year , Easter and Summer for two week residential courses , coached by tutors .
The franchise 's second feature film , Trailer Park Boys : Countdown to Liquor Day , was released in Canada on September 25 , 2009 .
L. Vitellius defeats Artabanus of Parthia in support of another clamaint to the throne , Tiridates III .
Undated European explorers discover Niagara Falls .
The problem is similar to another classic paradox , the irresistible force paradox : What happens when an irresistible force meets an immovable object ?
In the United Kingdom and Ireland , the heatless varieties are called '' bell peppers '' , '' sweet peppers '' or '' peppers '' ( or '' green peppers , '' '' red peppers , '' etc. ) while the hot ones are '' chilli\/chillies '' ( double L ) or '' chilli peppers '' .
On 31 March 1731 , The Author 's Farce was paired with the Tom Thumb remake , The Tragedy of Tragedies , as a replacement for The Letter Writers , the original companion piece .
W.A.S.P. is an American heavy metal band formed in 1982 .
Mount Adams is a potentially active stratovolcano in the Cascade Range and the second-highest mountain in the U.S. state of Washington .
Some composers have used the style as a theme :
Most tornadoes begin as funnel clouds , but many funnel clouds do not make ground contact and so do not become tornadoes .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
Happy Gilmore is a 1996 American sports comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and starring Adam Sandler as the title character .
The lake often appears on maps and in the New Testament as Sea of Galilee or Sea of Tiberias .
Chuang Yi Publishing Pte Ltd. , January 2004 .
Amanda Laura Bynes ( born April 3 , 1986 ) Biography of Amanda Bynes is an American actress , fashion designer and voice actor .
Lockwood , Grove , 1980 The parody mass was a very popular model during the Renaissance : Palestrina alone wrote some 50-odd examples , and by the first half of the 16th century this style was the dominant form .
Jane acted as chief mourner at Catherine 's funeral .
A new bridge across the Peel River at Nundle was completed in early 2008 , with the funding of $ 683,000 provided by the NSW State Government .
Parnell 's parents separated when he was six and as a boy he was sent to different schools in England , where he spent an unhappy youth .
Salwar kameez ( also spelled shalwar kameez or shalwar qameez ) is a traditional dress worn by both women and men in South Asia and is considered the National Dress of Pakistan .
Stephen Christopher Corica ( born 24 March 1973 in Innisfail , Australia ) is a former Australian football ( soccer ) player who last played for Australian A-League team Sydney FC .
The music was written by Joseph Haydn in 1797 as an anthem for the birthday of the Austrian Emperor Francis II of the Holy Roman Empire .
Like all land animals , the therapsids were seriously affected by the Permian -- Triassic extinction event , with the very successful gorgonopsians dying out altogether and the remaining groups , dicynodonts , therocephalians and cynodonts of a few species , each surviving into the Triassic .
Cells that lack F plasmids are called F-negative or F-minus ( F - ) and as such can function as recipient cells .
Craig Calhoun ( ed ) Dictionary of the Social Sciences ( Article : Macrosociology ) , Oxford University Press , 2002 It is considered one of the main foundations of sociology , alongside microsociology and mesosociology .
Sainte-Radegonde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Rise of a Hero (/O2005/O)
The most common cycles that model internal combustion engines are the Otto cycle , which models gasoline engines and the Diesel cycle , which models diesel engines .
Vis-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It has caused some controversy as it was claimed to have the potential to break the Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) cipher- also known as Rijndael- faster than an exhaustive search .
It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I -- which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and since mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany .
The UNESCO in its Atlas of Languages in Danger in the World , places the Leonese between the languages in danger .
British Empire The British used North America as a penal colony through a system of indentured servitude .
RVD climbed the ladder , but was stopped when Benjamin springboarded onto RVD and delivered each other blows back and forth .
El Greco was born in Crete , which was at that time part of the Republic of Venice , and the center of Post-Byzantine art .
The town lies 25 miles to the east of central London and 7.6 miles to the south of the county town of Chelmsford .
Most varieties of quince are too hard , astringent and sour to eat raw unless ` bletted ' ( softened by frost and subsequent decay ) Herb2000 .
Joan Waste ( 1534 - 1 August 1556 ) was a blind woman who was burned in Derby for refusing to renounce her Protestant faith .
It has also recently been confirmed that Stallone will be making a fifth Rambo film after the success of the fourth one in 2008 .
It was released as Billie 's first single on 29 June 1998 and reached the top ten in Ireland and Sweden .
After touring the U.S. in support of Blue Earth , Spencer left the band due to commitments at home with his business .
After the death of Louis XIV and Nivers , he succeeded the latter at the organ of the church of Saint-Sulpice and the royal house of Saint-Cyr , an institution for young girls from the poor nobility .
They have sold over 34 million albums worldwide , History on Offspring.com , retrieved January 27 , 2007 .
In computer science , a long integer is a data type that can represent a whole number whose range is greater than or equal to that of a standard integer on the same machine .
JFK 's reputed mistress Judith Exner , in her 1977 autobiography , also wrote about an affair that she said the president and Monroe had .
They are borne singly , spirally arranged on the long shoots , and in dense clusters of 20-50 needles on the short shoots .
Capodistria was the center of the irredentism in Istria .
Upload protection protects the file from , does not protect the file page from editing .
A chocolate chip cookie is a drop cookie that originated in the United States and features chocolate chips as its distinguishing ingredient .
The band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .
Not only would the hotel and tourism industry get an immediate boost , the country 's profile , too , would get a lift .
The various universes within the multiverse are sometimes called parallel universes .
In 1916 , he joined the intermediate Peterborough 247th Battalion of the Ontario Hockey Association and the next season moved up to the senior Sarnia Sailors .
Belinda is an 1801 novel by the Irish writer Maria Edgeworth .
During the flood in August 1990 , 132 houses in Forbes were affected by flood with their yards or their floors covered by water .
His mother contributed funds for a museum to be built in Albi , his birthplace , to house his works .
Battlestar Galactica is an American science fiction franchise created by Glen A. Larson .
The description '' Polish '' refers to the nationality of logician Jan ukasiewicz , who invented ( prefix ) Polish notation in 1920s .
Between October 1942 and January 1943 , Zaytsev had made 242 verified kills , but the real number may be much higher ; Top WW2 Snipers some argue it might have been as many as 500 .
Sandy Martens ( born December 23 , 1972 ) is a Belgian football player currently playing for K.A.A. Gent .
Yet , with the arrival of torrential rains in the Wet season , they swell to mighty waterways , spreading across extensive floodplains and coastal wetlands and giving life to a vast array of freshwater and wetland species .
A number of classical composers have written incidental music for various plays , with the more famous examples including Ludwig van Beethoven 's Egmont music , Franz Schubert 's Rosamunde music , Felix Mendelssohn 's music for A Midsummer Night 's Dream , Georges Bizet 's music for L'Arlésienne , and Edvard Grieg 's music for Henrik Ibsen 's Peer Gynt .
The word caracal comes from the Turkish word '' karakulak '' , meaning '' black ear '' .
Unlike other gums , it is very stable under a wide range of temperatures and pH.
Unlike the median household income , which divides all households in two halves , the mean income is the average income earned by American households .
Old World porcupines ( Hystricidae ) have quills embedded in clusters , whereas in New World porcupines ( Erethizontidae ) , single quills are interspersed with bristles , underfur , and hair .
