It caused localised tsunamis that severely battered the Chilean coast , with waves up to 25 metres ( 82 ft ) .
The studio has been involved in a number of movies including :
Yuji Miyahara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Avispa Fukuoka .
Step Brothers is a 2008 American slapstick buddy-comedy film directed by Adam McKay , produced by Judd Apatow and Jimmy Miller , and stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly , who last teamed up in ' (/O2006/O) .
The ducks are divided between several subfamilies in the Anatidae family ; they do not represent a monophyletic group but a form taxon , since swans and geese are not considered ducks .
In 1269 , they returned to Venice to meet Marco for the first time .
Antibodies ( also known as immunoglobulins , abbreviated Ig ) are gamma globulin proteins that are found in blood or other bodily fluids of vertebrates , and are used by the immune system to identify and neutralize foreign objects , such as bacteria and viruses .
The Pillows are currently signed to the Avex Trax label .
The Bruins looked to improve upon the accomplishments of the 2007 -- 08 season , which included Boston 's return to the NHL playoffs for the first time since the 2003 -- 04 season .
Thereafter , the NDH ) started to deport them to Auschwitz .
There are also two schools in Normal that are operated by Illinois State University .
Etymology Parvata is one of the Sanskrit words for '' mountain '' ; '' Parvati '' translates to '' She of the mountains '' and refers to Parvati being born the daughter of Himavan , lord of the mountains and the personification of the Himalayas .
The Botswana national football team , nicknamed The Zebras ( Setswana : Dipitse tsa naga literally meaning Wild horses ) is the national football team of Botswana and is controlled by the Botswana Football Association .
It consists of one central phosphorus atom surrounded by four identical oxygen atoms in a tetrahedral arrangement .
Eric Maria Gerets ( born 18 May 1954 in Rekem , Belgium ) is a retired Belgian football defender .
The 2002 Formula One season was the 53rd FIA Formula One World Championship season .
History of Beeton family On a visit to London , Isabella was introduced to Samuel Beeton , who had become a publisher of books and popular magazines .
Samus agrees to assist by recovering Aether 's planetary energy ( the '' Light of Aether '' ) from Dark Aether and thereby putting an end to Dark Aether and the Ing ; however , Samus yet again encounters Metroid Prime ( Dark Samus ) , a heavily mutated being who had copied Samus ' genetic code and stolen her Phazon suit at the end of her Tallon IV adventure , now in the form of Dark Samus .
Augustine of Canterbury converts Ethelbert of Kent to Christianity ( approximate date ) .
The large majority of known asteroids orbit in the main asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter , however many different orbital families exist with significant populations including Jupiter trojans and Near-Earth asteroids .
A double barline can consist of two single barlines drawn close together , separating two sections within a piece , or a barline followed by a thicker barline , indicating the end of a piece or movement .
When cloth , especially woollen cloth , is woven , the surface of the cloth is not smooth , and this roughness is the nap . Generally the cloth is then ` sheared ' to create an even surface , and the nap is thus removed .
The band debuted in July 2000 with a self-titled album which contains what are today many of their most famous songs . Since then , they have released new CDs , videos , and audio books at the rate of about two per year .
The song is named after Electric Avenue , a market street in the Brixton area of London , England .
Students taking the ACT had an average math score of 21.7 , a 23.6 in English and a composite of 22.4 .
It is located just 10 km south of Augsburg and has about 11.500 inhabitants ( 2003 ) .
Le Fieu is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Victoria is the most densely populated state , and has a highly centralised population , with almost 75 % of Victorians living in Melbourne , the state capital and largest city .
Rosario is a city located in the Province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
For example , Tom Sawyer 's plot to steal Jim out of slavery in the last part of Huckleberry Finn is a classic caper .
Most production and journalism courses incorporate media studies content , but academic institutions often establish separate departments .
The genus includes annuals , herbaceous plants , subshrubs , and small shrubs .
Rudolf Ludwig Karl Virchow ( 13 October 1821 -- 5 September 1902 ) was a German doctor , anthropologist , pathologist , prehistorian , biologist and politician , known for his advancement of public health .
The main feud heading into Vengeance on the SmackDown brand was between Edge and Batista over the World Heavyweight Championship .
Handicap match 09:45 3 Trish Stratus defeated Victoria ( c ) ( with Steven Richards ) and Jazz .
A carcinogen is any substance , radionuclide or radiation , that is an agent directly involved in causing cancer .
The first press announcement of the play appeared on 18 March 1730 in the Daily Post , stating that it was in rehearsal .
Batista defeated Umaga
Dimmu Borgir is a Norwegian Black metal band from Oslo , Norway , formed in 1992 .
In Lithuania , the CPSU was banned in 1991 .
Sidney Sheldon ( February 11 , 1917 & ndash ; January 30 , 2007 ) was an Academy Award-winning American writer .
The total area is 23.46 km which gives a population density of 462 inhabitants per km .
Such movies are called masala films , after the Hindi word for a spice mixture .
Notts County Football Club ( often known as Notts or County or by their nickname The Magpies ) are an English professional football club . They are the oldest of all the clubs in the world that are now professional , having been formed in 1862 .
The Yowa era , marked by famine , begins in Japan .
Important wetlands include the Jardine Complex , Lakefield systems and the estuaries of the great rivers of the western plains .
In some cultures breasts play a role in human sexual activity .
Statistics of Football League of Ireland in the 1948/1949 season .
The abdomen is behind and often used for swimming .
The Saurornithoides run outside and start feeding on the Charonosaurus corpse .
NASA continues daily tracking of the spacecraft with its Deep Space Network stations .
Canterbury ( or ) is an historic English cathedral city , which lies at the heart of the City of Canterbury , a district of Kent in South East England .
Not many journalists would make a claim to total neutrality or impartiality , however , some strive toward a certain modicum of detachment from their own personal biases in their news work .
The term salame cotto refers to salami cooked or smoked before or after curing and it is typical of Piedmont region in Italy .
Early life and career Anton , eldest son of Antoinette and Arthur Anton , was born and raised in Omaha , Nebraska .
Despite adopting a name with religious connotations , lead singer Orlando Weeks has more recently affirmed , in an interview on Steve Lamacq 's BBC Radio 1 show , that none of the band is religious .
Mammaliaformes ( '' mammal-shaped '' ) is a clade that contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives .
In a ball and socket ( spheroid ) joint , the ball-shaped surface of one rounded bone fits into the cup-like depression of another bone .
A butter cake is a cake in which one of the main ingredients is butter . Butter cakes consist of taking the most basic of ingredients butter , sugar , eggs , flour , and a leavening agent ( baking powder or baking soda ) and transforming them into a baked good .
The Natural Province Reserve Padule Orti Bottagone , created in 1998 , next to the locality of Torre del Sale .
Aruba gains increased autonomy from the Netherlands and is separated from the Netherlands Antilles .
In Greek mythology , Nyx ( , Nox in Roman translation ) was the primordial goddess of the night .
The blown-off outer layers of dying stars include heavy elements which may be recycled during new star formation .
Andrea Barzagli , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , FIFA.comAscotSportal.com ( born May 8 , 1981 in Fiesole ) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer , who plays for VfL Wolfsburg and the Italian national football team .
Co-operation between the United States and the Soviet Union made possible the passage of resolutions in the United Nations Security Council giving Iraq a deadline to leave Kuwait and approving the use of force if Saddam did not comply with the timetable .
Adult humans have twelve molars , in four groups of three at the back of the mouth .
Originally , in continental Europe , a county ( contea or contado , comté , comtat , condado , Grafschaft , Gau ) was the land under the jurisdiction of a count ( conte , comte , conde , Graf ) .
There is a ` new ' ocean , the Southern Ocean .
Swami Vivekananda ( 1863 - 1902 ) held it in high esteem .
March 9 -- Adam Smith , publishes The Wealth of Nations .
This space overlaps three nations , Afghanistan , Iran , and Pakistan , whose mountainous peripheries define the crescent , though only Afghanistan and Pakistan produce opium , with Iran being a consumer and trans-shipment route for the smuggled opiates .
In English we call the first day of the month '' New Year 's Day '' .
GNU Parted ( the name being the conjunction of the two words PARTition and EDitor ) is a free partition editor , used for creating , destroying , resizing , checking , and copying partitions , and the file systems on them .
Langrune-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
It consists of two separate centers : the Center for Research and Education in Cape May Court House in the central part of Cape May County , and the Northwood Center in Cape May Point .
The Milton Keynes Lightning is an ice hockey team from Milton Keynes , England , currently ( 2009\/2010 ) playing in the semi-professional English Premier Ice Hockey League ( EPL ) with a good record of league success .
He has also provided voice acting , motion capturing and his likeness for such works on several occasions and co-wrote and co-starred in the 2003 movie Moon Child , which also features Hyde ( vocalist of L'Arc ~ en ~ Ciel ) and Taiwanese-American singer Wang Lee Hom .
Cloud Cult is an experimental indie rock band from Minneapolis , Minnesota led by singer\/songwriter Craig Minowa .
In utero , the epithelium and underlying mesenchyma interact to form hair follicles .
Some types are less strong in flavor ( suave , '' mild '' ) and there are blends flavored with mint , orange and grapefruit skin , etc. .
Despite its illegality , slavery continues in some parts of the world , including Africa .
Bucharest becomes the capital of Wallachia ( now part of Romania ) .
It opened to the public on June 11 , 2006 .
When the trigger is activated , the shaft of the cnidocyst penetrates the target organism , and the hollow thread is everted into it .
Marriage and professional activities Cox married Harvard law student Edward Finch Cox in a Rose Garden ceremony on June 12 , 1971 .
Built in 1884 , the stadium has been home to Liverpool F.C. since they were formed in 1892 as a result of the original tenants Everton F.C. leaving the ground .
Stadio Olimpico is the main and largest sports facility of Rome , Italy .
It was planted in 288 BC , and is the oldest living human-planted tree in the world with a known planting date .
Typhoon Tip ( international designation : 7920 , JTWC designation : 23W ) was the largest and most intense tropical cyclone on record .
The St. Louis Blues are a professional ice hockey team based in St. Louis , Missouri .
Antemus is thought to derive directly from Potwarmus , which has a more primitive tooth pattern .
Modern history Despite its roots , savate is a relatively safe sport to learn .
The group currently comprises Rob Thomas ( lead vocals , piano ) , Paul Doucette ( rhythm guitarist , drums ) , Brian Yale ( bassist ) , Kyle Cook ( lead guitarist ) and Ryan MacMillan ( drums , percussion ) .
Yoshi 's Island DS uses the updated graphical style from Yoshi Touch & Go but retains the same core gameplay as its Super Nintendo Entertainment System predecessor , but whereas the SNES game featured only Baby Mario , DS introduces Baby Peach , Baby DK and Baby Wario and lets the player control Baby Bowser ( who was a boss in SMW2 ) , who each give Yoshi a different ability .
Montigny-l ` Allier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The epicentre was at 23.85 N latitude , 120.82 E longitude , southwest of Sun Moon Lake , near the town of Jiji , Nantou .
On the London City Airport extension there is a station planned south-east of here called Thames Wharf , depending mainly on the regeneration of the area .
, General Manager Theodore Long announced that the King of the Ring tournament would return after a four-year hiatus as a SmackDown !
Some undergarments are intended for erotic effect .
Fraidy Katt ( band ) , a Canadian band
A complete set of cards is called a pack or deck , and the subset of cards held at one time by a player during a game is commonly called a hand . A deck of cards may be used for playing a great variety of card games , some of which may also incorporate gambling .
( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
A 56-year-old Taiwanese tourist was killed in Dujiangyan during a rescue attempt on the Lingyanshan Ropeway , where due to the earthquake 11 Taiwanese tourists had been trapped inside cable cars since May 13 .
A shire is a traditional term for a division of land , found in the United Kingdom and in Australia .
There is usually no compulsion to issue stock via the stock exchange itself , nor must stock be subsequently traded on the exchange .
Burning in -- increases exposure of certain areas , resulting in darker areas
In 2007 , the semifinals averaged 3.1 million viewers , and an estimated four million Swedes watched the final .
Green Day was originally part of the punk scene at 924 Gilman Street in Berkeley , California .
Importance to humans Loggerhead Sea Turtles were once intensively hunted for their meat and eggs , along with their fat which was used in cosmetics and medication .
With Bob Cain on the mound - laughing at the absurdity that he actually had to pitch to Gaedel - and catcher Bob Swift catching on his knees , Gaedel took his stance .
Another blow came to the town when the railway went to Blayney ( 13 km to the North West ) in 1874 .
The following tables compare general and technical information including the differences in feature sets between popular IRC daemons .
During meiosis , there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome .
Jeff Bennett as Dipstick , Jasper and Shellby
Griffith Park is a large municipal park at the eastern end of the Santa Monica Mountains in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles , California .
Different types of rape include but are not limited to : date rape , gang rape , marital rape or spousal rape , incestual rape , child sexual abuse , prison rape , acquaintance rape , war rape and statutory rape .
British forces in Italy cross the Garigliano River .
But since the heralds receive fees for granting arms , they have always had an incentive to be generous rather than restrictive in their interpretation of who should be allowed a grant .
Woodstock ( 2006 population 35,480 ) is a city and the county seat of Oxford County in Southern ( Southwestern ) Ontario , Canada .
The trophy itself is constructed of sterling silver , crafted in 1878 .
Obsidian flows which may be hiked on are found within the calderas of Newberry Volcano and Medicine Lake Volcano in the Cascade Range of western North America , and at Inyo Craters east of the Sierra Nevada in California .
In Europe , most forms of hot chocolate are very thick due to being made directly from chocolate .
Its oval-shaped head features prominent whiskers , black-and-brown ears , and a koban , a gold oval coin ( also known as '' charm '' ) embedded in its forehead .
It is the tallest building in the state , the tenth-tallest in the United States , the tallest west of the Mississippi River , and as of December 2009 , the 40th tallest building in the world .
Its capital is the city of Tacna .
The word Accra is derived from the word Nkran meaning '' ants '' in Akan , a reference to the numerous anthills seen in the countryside around Accra .
In an attempt to make the party more broadly appealing to larger segments of the population , the DAP was renamed on February 24 , 1920 to the National Socialist German Workers ' Party .
Between September 19 and September 26 , hurricane San Mateo tracked through the northeast Lesser Antilles and southwest of Bermuda .
Synonyms include : potluck dinner , spread , Jacob 's joinPartridge , Eric and Paul Beale .
Surfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Their descendant , the modern safety-pin , remains in use today .
Chiapas is bordered by the states of Tabasco to the north , Veracruz to the northwest , and Oaxaca to the west .
Auschwitz is the German name for O wi cim , the town in and around which the camps were located ; it was renamed by the Germans after they invaded Poland in September 1939 .
She was born in Monticello , near Charlottesville , Virginia and was named in honor of her mother and of Martha Washington , wife of George Washington .
Time Flies ... 1994 -- 2009 is a compilation album released by English rock band Oasis .
Furthermore , he introduced a socio-economic and geographic framework to historical questions .
It is named for original developer Michael Widenius 's daughter My .
It was named in 1900 for William Thomas Lopp , a missionary among the Inuit and the civilian leader of the 1897 -- 98 Overland Expedition .
Configuration and control operations are used only when changes are needed to the network infrastructure .
The Salt Marsh Moth or Acrea Moth ( Estigmene acrea ) is a North American moth in the family Arctiidae .
During World War II , Hanau was for the most part destroyed by British airstrikes in March 1945 a few days before it was taken by the US Army .
The first person named posthumously was Ji Chang , named by his son Ji Fa of Zhou , as the '' Civil King '' .
Records of seismic waves allow seismologists to map the interior of the Earth , and locate and measure the size of these different sources .
After changing the band 's name to Saratoga , they started playing Livgren 's original material with Scott Kessler playing bass and Zeke Lowe on drums .
Grand Duke of Lithuania Algirdas defeats the Tatars at the Battle of Blue Waters and takes over Kiev .
As the practical use of the town crier has disappeared , the function became part of the local folklore .
The long conflicts of this time , such as the Hundred Years ' War fought between England and France , actually strengthened royal control over the kingdoms , even though they were extremely hard on the peasantry .
ISBN 0817357041 9780817357047 Stradling , R. A. ( 1988 ) .
The song is influenced by 1970s funk and contains limited elements of 1980s go-go , with sound that closely resembles live music .
Julius Caesar emerges victorious and becomes Roman dictator for life .
June 2 -- Mark Twain , responding to rumors that he is dead , is quoted by the New York Journal as saying , '' The report of my death was an exaggeration . ''
Harnoncourt was a cellist with the Vienna Symphony from 1952 to 1969 .
Justice Thomas is the second African American to serve on the nation 's highest court , after Justice Thurgood Marshall , whom he succeeded .
The University of Oklahoma ( abbreviated OU ) is a coeducational public research university located in Norman , Oklahoma .
Forbes High School , a public school , is located to the north of town .
Mild niacin deficiency has been shown to slow metabolism , causing decreased tolerance to cold .
Alicia weakened rapidly after landfall , losing tropical characteristics and accelerated to the northwest , finally losing its identity in the southeast tip of Nebraska on August 21 .
The trained operator at the variable speed control box regulates the unit 's Buck-and-Spin speed as well as spin direction .
When following their team in large groups through the country , they are referred to as La Mareona , Spanish for The Big Tide .
In humans , the hallux is longer than the second or pointer or index toe for a majority of people .
Current research has established that human beings are genetically highly homogenous ; that is , the DNA of individuals is more alike than usual for most species , which may have resulted from their relatively recent evolution or the Toba catastrophe .
Irvine was the site of Scotland 's 12th century Military Capital and former headquarters of the Lord High Constable of Scotland , Hugh de Morville .
It is located at 70 Morven Drive in the British Properties residential area of West Vancouver , and houses all students in the Middle and Upper Schools , ranging from Grade 6 to Grade 12 .
Sarah was born on July 16 , 1803 into a wealthy family in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Jean-Jacques Rousseau ( 28 June 1712 - 2 July 1778 ) was a major Genevan philosopher , writer , and composer of 18th-century Romanticism .
A developing extratropical storm to the north turned Grace eastward ; the hurricane was eventually absorbed into the large circulation of the larger low pressure system .
They are frequently used to present and grow various types of roses .
Using right triangles and the concept of similarity , the trigonometric functions sine and cosine can be defined .
Lucy returns through the wardrobe , having spent hours in Narnia , to find that only a few seconds have passed in England .
In June 2009 , Furtado announced that her new album will be titled Mi Plan and the first single titled '' Manos al Aire '' .
New major spending programs that addressed education , medical care , urban problems , and transportation were launched during this period .
However as the depression never reached storm strength tropical storm conditions never occurred along the watch areas .
Abdullah Khan settled in the Village of Phalla along with some servants .
It has a graphical desktop , games , and networking abilities ( TCP\/IP stack ) , yet it still fits on one 1.44 MB floppy disk .
San Francisco was the largest American city still served primarily by ferry boats .
The Khazar fortress of Sarkel falls to the Kievan Rus .
A wide variety of types have been operated , from the early days of steam locomotives and carriages through to today 's electric multiple units .
The town has a population of 50,131 .
Huntsville is a city in Madison and Limestone counties in the U.S. state of Alabama , and the county seat of Madison County .
Frederick IV , Duke of Austria ( d. 1439 )
However , despite its simplicity , it suffers from a secondary imbalance which causes minor vibrations in smaller engines .
Originally , a vendetta was a blood feud between two families where kinsmen of the victim intended to avenge his or her death by killing either those responsible for the killing or some of their relatives .
Family trees are often presented with the oldest generations at the top and the newer generations at the bottom .
Josef '' Sepp '' Herberger ( March 28 , 1897 in Mannheim , Germany -- April 28 , 1977 in Weinheim-Hohensachsen , Germany ) was a German football player and manager .
Waxing is a method of semi-permanent hair removal which removes the hair from the root .
Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation ( IBC ) is a Philippine VHF television network of the Government Communications Group headed by the Press Secretary .
According to Ina Wunn , based on the information archaeologists have about primitive man and bear cults , if Neanderthals did , in fact , worship bears , there should be evidence of it in their settlements and camps ( Wunn , 2000 , p. 436 ) .
They were built at the BR Ashford Works over the period 1949 -- 1952 and numbered 15211 -- 15236 .
Once the group learned the meaning of the homophone '' paramor '' ( '' secret lover '' ) , they decided to adopt the name , using the Paramore spelling .
Biographical information concerning Jane Austen is '' famously scarce '' , according to one biographer .
Lansing is a city in Lansing Township , Allamakee County , Iowa , United States .
The Cape May area is home to many birding authors , including Dunne , Kerlinger , Pat and Clay Sutton , Michael O'Brien , Richard Crossley and Kevin Karlson .
Within the region the local transport authorities plan for the future by producing Local Transport Plans ( LTP ) which outline their strategies , policies and implementation programs .
Anonychomyrma is a genus of ants that belongs to the ant subfamily Dolichoderinae .
Bowerman joined the United States Army as a 2nd Lieutenant in the days following the Pearl Harbor attack .
Private soldiers in the Household Cavalry , as in other cavalry regiments , are called '' Troopers '' .
Ryan Prosser ( born 10 July , 1988 ) is a professional rugby union .
in association with Sky Television , Renegade 83 , and American Zoetrope for USA Network .
Bowman was a persuasive leader and although the Great Depression intervened , the Cathedral of Learning , on which construction was begun in 1926 , started hosting classes in 1931 and was formally dedicated in 1937 .
Throughout the night , Breckinridge ordered his forces to move forward and construct new barricades to receive the next day 's attacks .
ZenLive follows the progress made by the full Zenwalk system closely , thus mirroring the version number , and attempts to stay true to the original distribution 's goals .
In order to increase the number of marriages , and ultimately the population , the Lex Papia Poppaea is adopted in Rome .
Bristol City currently play at Ashton Gate stadium in the Ashton\/Bedminster area of the city of Bristol , which has an all-seater capacity of 21,497 .
He was born to a prominent family in Chaeronea , Boeotia , a town about twenty miles east of Delphi .
The mandibles are a pair of hard , often tooth-like structures that move horizontally to grasp , crush , or cut food or enemies ( see defense , below ) .
It is performed typically with one lead fife player often also the band leader and vocalist , and a troop of drummers .
Port Arthur is one of Australia 's most significant heritage areas and the open air museum is officially Tasmania 's top tourist attraction .
Vicco is a city in Perry County , Kentucky , United States .
It was also the first time the Stanley Cup was not awarded since 1919 when a Spanish flu pandemic cancelled the championship .
A Regional Casino , more commonly known as a Super Casino ( or occasionally known as Mega Casino or other variants ) , is the term given to the largest category of casino that was to have been permitted under UK law - equivalent in size to the larger casinos in Las Vegas .
By the year 's end there were 28,000 copies of The Tale of Peter Rabbit in print .
Vanessa Ngan , '' Viral and Skin Infections '' , 2009 .
This is the first Disney Channel Original Series to be shot and aired in high-definition from the beginning ; like most of Disney Channel 's sitcoms , it is shot on tape , but utilizes a ` filmized ' appearance .
Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this manner .
A red link , like this one , signifies a link to a page that does not exist in Wikipedia .
Ballota species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera including Coleophora case-bearers : C. ballotella , C. lineolea ( which has been recorded on B. nigra ) and C. ochripennella .
In rallying , turbocharged engines of up to 2000 c have long been the preferred motive power for the Group A\/N World Rally Car competitors , due to the exceptional power-to-weight ratios attainable .
At the same time , a CD\/DVD combo was released exclusively at Wal-mart .
In cities where East Asian and Western cultures blend , such as in Hong Kong and Singapore , it is possible in some buildings that both 13 and 14 are skipped as floor numbers along with all the other 4 's .
id : barra value : rgb (/O0.6,0.7,0.8/O)
Natalie Portman ( ; born Natalie Hershlag June 9 , 1981 ) is an Israeli American actress .
Marks ' Standard Handbook for Mechanical Engineers , 11th ed/O. , 2007
This type of interpersonal relationship relates to the comradeship of fellow soldiers in peace or war .
Python 3.0 , a major , backwards-incompatible release , was released on 3 December 2008 after a long period of testing .
Dylan Postl ( born May 29 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring names Hornswoggle or Little Bastard .
Always Tim Hortons '' .
Type may refer to :
Eton is a town and civil parish in Berkshire , England , lying on the opposite bank of the River Thames to Windsor and connected to it by Windsor Bridge .
Ilulissat Icefjord , a fjord southeast of Ilulissat , was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2004 .
The Black Eyed Peas ( BEP ) is an American hip hop/pop group based in Los Angeles .
Though his mother , Anna , had a German surname ( Weiss ) she was an Italian from Trieste , and a pianist .
The other 16 teams - Boston Bruins , Buffalo Sabres , Chicago Blackhawks , Colorado Avalanche , Detroit Red Wings , Los Angeles Kings , Montreal Canadiens , Nashville Predators , New Jersey Devils , Ottawa Senators , Philadelphia Flyers , Phoenix Coyotes , Pittsburgh Penguins , San Jose Sharks , Vancouver Canucks , Washington Capitals - all made the post-season for the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs .
Charmoy is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Morval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
An excellent example of the role of women in Japanese society and martial culture at this time is Itagaki , who , famous for her naginata skills , led the garrison of 3,000 warriors stationed at Toeizakayama castle .
The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane , Australia .
In the field of linguistics , a sentence is an expression in natural language , and often defined to indicate a grammatical unit consisting of one or more words that generally bear minimal syntactic relation to the words that precede or follow it .
A funnel cloud is usually visible as a cone-shaped or needle like protuberance from the main cloud base .
See Interstate 880 for the American freeway
It may help with your unblock request if you understand how they are reviewed , and by whom .
Previously havens for wild animals from elephant to giraffe , and for predators such as lion and cheetah , the riverbeds are now mostly grazing spots , though leopard or cheetah can still be found .
The corporate headquarters of the group were located on The Mound in Edinburgh , Scotland ; the former head office of Bank of Scotland .
The show centers around four babies and their day-to-day lives , usually involving common life experiences that become adventures in the babies ' imaginations .
Sinovenator was a primitive troodontid , and shares features with the most primitive dromaeosaurids and Avialae , one of the first fossil specimens conclusively demonstrating the common inheritance of these three groups ( together known as Paraves ) .
It is a branch of continuum mechanics , a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms , that is , it models matter from a macroscopic viewpoint rather than from a microscopic viewpoint .
A few of the inhabitants managed to escape the execution and destruction .
IRC Server Request FAQ It is distinct from an IRC bot that connects outbound to an IRC channel .
It was first sighted by a European in 1873 by Captain John Moresby .
The town has the status of Tehsil ( Sub District ) and is one of four Tehsils of district Sialkot .
( prounounced '' Zeh-vee-us '' as per the phonetics of the original Japanese ( katakana ) rendering , '' Zee-vee-us '' as per television advertising by the American licensor ) is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game by Namco , released in 1982 .
Bishara was born in Nazareth , He went to school in Nazareth Baptist school , and established the first National Committee of Arab High School Students and in 1974 was its chairman and in 1976 , he was instrumental setting up the Committee for the Defense of Arab Lands , as well as the first National Arab Student Union .
Their music may best be described as a cross between heavy metal , and rock 'n' roll .
He heard about Cayce 's condition and offered to attempt a cure .
The term extant contrasts with extinct .
Its crest has been changed several times in attempts to modernize or re-brand it .
The same is true for their related forms : someone might call a road that leads north a road , compared with the Great North Road .
Constantine James Maroulis ( ; born September 17 , 1975 ) is an American rock singer , actor , and writer from Wyckoff , New Jersey .
The satellite is estimated to measure about 11 km in diameter .
In 1948 Davis grew close to the Canadian composer and arranger Gil Evans .
Br de ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,785 people .
The Great Prince takes Bambi to a forest glade , saying that this was the place where he first met Bambi 's mother . Bambi asks what the Great Prince was like when he was Bambi 's age , and the Great Prince says that he was a lot like Bambi .
Bonaparte also discovered or described a number of archosaurs and primitive birds ( such as Iberomesornis ) , and assisted with the study of other dinosaurs , like the Giganotosaurus carolinii .
Step ( 2 ) often introduces a lengthy ( in CPU terms ) delay while the data arrives over the computer bus .
It is the first single of their second album released in 2004 , We Are Not Alone and was also released as an EP .
Notable examples of this are the city of Chipilo , Mexico or the Talian dialect spoken in Brazilian states of Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catarina .
Living in these aggregations are over a hundred different species of animals , many of which are found only at these seeps .
The fresh fruit has a '' delicate , whitish pulp '' with a '' perfume '' flavor that is lost in canning , so the fruit is mostly eaten fresh .
In contrast , Jan Mayen and Svalbard are fully integrated parts of Norway .
For example , mushrooms like shiitake , which are in the fungi kingdom , can be referred to as crops .
The pilots radioed to ground troops and the enemy combatants were captured .
The movie begins with the Disney logo fading into its animated counterpart giving the viewer the sense of an actual film .
Later , in Vere 's cabin , Claggart repeats the false charge to Billy 's face .
Personal and early life Hill was born in Hampstead , London on 17 September 1960 to Graham and Bette Hill .
The major advantage of hydroelectricity is elimination of the cost of fuel .
In 1527 Rome was sacked and plundered by Emperor Charles V. Peruzzi died in 1536 without his plan being realised .
Since the political reform of the absolute monarchy in 1932 , Thailand has had 17 constitutions and charters .
It is located at the mouth of the River Douglas , and a sweeping bay of two miles .
In general Chiapas has a humid , tropical climate .
Its county seat is Mobile , Alabama .
The name is Brisby in the film to avoid trademark concerns with Frisbee discs .
'' Do n't Look Back in Anger '' is a song by English rock band Oasis , released in 1996 as the fourth single from their hit second album ( What 's the Story ) Morning Glory ? .
As a result , he was a three-sport standout in football ( playing quarterback , wide receiver and defensive back ) , basketball and baseball , earning the school 's Athlete of the Year award as a senior in 1969 ; forty years later he was inducted into the charter class of the Redwood High School Athletic Hall of Fame in April 2009 .
Morrens
Once distributed across eastern and southern Asia and Africa , from Siberia to South Africa , the leopard 's range of distribution has decreased radically because of hunting and loss of habitat .
The reasons for this have been the subject of idle speculation for many years but in 2001 , Dr. Karl Kruszelnicki of the University of Sydney , Australia , undertook a systematic survey to determine the ins and outs of navel lint .
Eaux-Puiseaux is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
It is served either filled or covered with sweetened mung bean paste , red bean paste , mashed red beans , raisins , a sweetened filling made with sesame seeds , sweet pumpkin , beans , jujubes , pine nuts , and\/or honey ) .
Sablons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Otariidae : ( the eared seals , including sea lions and fur seals ) Distributed throughout the world 's oceans with the exception of the North Atlantic , the 16 species of otariid are distinguished from the phocids by visible external ears ( pinnae ) , more dog-like faces and the ability to turn their rear flippers forward .
In mid September 2005 , Nintendo released a significantly improved SP model , unofficially dubbed the '' Mark II '' or GBA SP + , in North America , and officially Nintendo model number AGS-101 , that featured a high quality backlit screen instead of a frontlit , similar to the Game Boy Micro screen but larger .
The song was written by Henry Krieger , Scott Cutler , Anne Preven , and Knowles , and produced by The Underdogs Matt Sullivan and Randy Spendlove for the soundtrack to the 2006 musical film Dreamgirls .
Cultivation of the Valencia in Orange County had all but ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising property costs from urban sprawl , which drove most of what remained of the Southern California juice orange industry into Florida and Brazil .
Georges killed 604 people , mainly on the island of Hispaniola , and caused extensive damage resulting at nearly $ 6 billion ( 1998 US dollars , $ 8 billion 2010 USD ) in damages , mostly in St. Kitts and Nevis , Puerto Rico and Hispaniola .
The Legend of Luke is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1999 .
The town was home to Victoria 's first registered gold discovery made by James Esmond .
Their presence is unambiguously announced by the appearance of mounds of fresh dirt about in diameter .
Laurie 's later film appearances include Sense and Sensibility (/O1995/O) , adapted by and starring Emma Thompson ; the Disney live-action film 101 Dalmatians (/O1996/O) , where he played Jasper , one of the bumbling criminals hired to kidnap the puppies ; Elton 's adaptation of his novel Inconceivable , Maybe Baby (/O2000/O) ; Girl From Rio ; the 2004 remake of The Flight of the Phoenix ; and the three Stuart Little films .
The yeast species Saccharomyces cerevisiae has been used in baking and in fermenting alcoholic beverages for thousands of years .
If the Sun Dies , about the US space program .
Certain states do not think the borders are where India thinks they are .
The Banco Nacional de Santo Domingo issued notes between 1869 and 1889 in denominations of 25 and 50 centavos , 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 25 and 100 pesos .
BBC News - '' Hurricane remnants set to hit UK '' On September 19 it was reported that the remnants of Gordon would cause high winds and rainfall in parts of the United Kingdom .
The Magical Diaries of Aleister Crowley ( Tunisia 1923 ) : Edited by Stephen Skinner ; page 10 His father , Edward Crowley , was trained as an engineer but according to Aleister , never worked as one .
The Mariinsky Theatre ( , Mariinskiy Teatr , also spelled Maryinsky , Mariyinsky ) is a historic theater of opera and ballet in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
On 26 June 2007 , still the sole candidate , Marois won the leadership by acclamation .
Along with his own compositions , Zevon recorded or performed occasional covers , including Bob Dylan 's '' Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door '' and Leonard Cohen 's '' First We Take Manhattan '' .
It won video game awards , and received positive comments from the gaming press , that focused on elements of the single-player mode .
When Frankenstein learns of his brother 's death , he returns to Geneva to be with his family . Frankenstein sees the monster in the woods where his young brother was murdered , and becomes certain that the monster is the killer .
Palos Verdes is a name often used to refer to a group of coastal cities in the Palos Verdes Hills on the Palos Verdes Peninsula , within southwestern Los Angeles County in the U.S. state of California .
There is an increased probability of suicide in the mixed state , as depressed individuals who are also manic have the energy needed to commit the act and the thoughts of depression that would lead them initially to suicide .
Picasa is an image organizer and image viewer for organizing and editing digital photos , plus an integrated photo-sharing website , originally created by Idealab and owned by Google since 2004 .
Eagle Comics was a short lived comic book publishing company that existed to reprint comic stories from the UK 's 2000 A.D. magazine for distribution in North America .
The Cyberpunk genre emerged in the early 1980s ; combining '' cybernetics '' and '' punk '' , the term was coined by author Bruce Bethke for his 1980 short story '' Cyberpunk '' .
After the defeat at Ponte Novu Bridge , the army of Pasquale Paoli , sometimes called '' the father of Corsica '' , helped by the fleet of Horatio Nelson , reconquered Saint-Florent in 1793 during the brief Anglo-Corsican rule .
This meta-template automatically categorises all instances ( i.e. specific project banners ) into a subcategory of : Category : WikiProject banners .
'' We do n't see ourselves as a destructive force , but we are . ''
Meredith Leigh Monroe ( born December 30 , 1968 ) , is an American actress who portrayed Andie McPhee on Dawson 's Creek from 1998 to 2000 .
Bourdenay is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Edwards v. Aguillard , was a case heard by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1987 regarding creationism .
He devoted his life to the study and improvement of wheat , corn , and other cereal crops that sustain the global population .
Her father was a principal at Sutton 690 , a school for girls , and traveled throughout China as part of his missionary duties .
Rozhdestvensky was born in Moscow .
The DVD has also been re-released with both sequels on December 11 , 2001 as the Jurassic Park Trilogy , and as the Jurassic Park Adventure Pack on November 29 , 2005 .
Sawflies are a group of largely phytophagous ( herbivorous ) insects .
He spent much of his time from the 1950s onward in Germany as music director of the Bavarian State Opera ( 1956 - 1958 ) and as conductor of the RIAS Symphony Orchestra , the Deutsche Oper Berlin and the Berlin Philharmonic .
Later , he composed music for the Laterna Magica theater in Prague and for many Czech singers .
He played juniors for the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) , where he was drafted in the second-round , 45th overall , of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft by the Atlanta Thrashers .
It was filmed in 2002 and 13 episodes aired weekly in the United States on CBS from February 13 - May 11 , 2003 .
Tamano is married to Atty . Rowena Kapunan , daughter of retired Supreme Court Justice Santiago Kapunan .
Its county seat is Lenoir .
Many of the occurrences of the show , including the end sequence , the magical events and the scene preceding the short film broadcast on a character 's tummy were shot only once , and the same scenes are used in each episode .
Thyme is best cultivated in a hot sunny location with well drained soil .
However , due to anti-English sentiment during the War of 1812 , the name was changed to Huntsville to honor John Hunt , who had been forced to move to other land south of the new city .
Well-known species of the Euphausiidae of commercial krill fisheries include Antarctic krill ( Euphausia superba ) , Pacific krill ( Euphausia pacifica ) and Northern krill ( Meganyctiphanes norvegica ) .
Tomonobu Hayakawa is a former Japanese footballer .
A minuet was often used as the final movement in an Italian overture .
Stephen John '' Steve '' Finnan ( born 24 April 1976 in Limerick , Ireland ) is an unattached Irish international footballer who plays as a right back .
On January 1 , 2006 the municipality had a total population of 20,970 .
German special forces then rescued Mussolini , who then soon established a new client state in German occupied Italy named the Italian Social Republic .
The Dumbbell Nebula ( also known as Messier 27 , M 27 , or NGC 6853 ) is a planetary nebula ( PN ) in the constellation Vulpecula , at a distance of about 1,360 light years .
Abide with me ; fast falls the eventide ;
Plotting an isochron is used to solve the age equation graphically and calculate the age of the sample and the original composition .
It can hold up to 1.8 gigabytes of data .
He first became known as an artist , and was a member of the Sydney Bohemian set in the 1890s , whose doings he was afterwards to record in his Those Were the Days , a volume of reminiscences published in 1918 .
He founded Lynchburg Christian Academy ( now Liberty Christian Academy ) in 1967 , Liberty University in 1971 , and cofounded the Moral Majority in 1979 .
Frankenstein begins in epistolary form , documenting the correspondence between Captain Robert Walton and his sister , Margaret Walton Saville .
Battle of Messines
The signing of two complementary treaties on 24 October 1648 , namely :
While Hoover served in the cabinet of Presidents Harding and Coolidge , she was active as national president of the Girl Scouts of the USA .
This film is one of the hit films of Waheed Murad .
Howard Carter ( 9 May 1874-2 March 1939 ) was an English archaeologist and Egyptologist , noted as a primary discoverer of the tomb of Tutankhamun .
Looking to the Declaration of Independence of the United States for a model , on 26 August 1789 , the Assembly published the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen .
As of the 2000 census , the population of Saint Thomas was 51,181 about 47 % of the US Virgin Island total .
Oblinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Disciplines related to political economy Because political economy is not a unified discipline , there are studies using the term that overlap in subject matter , but have radically different perspectives : Sociology studies the effects of persons ' involvement in society as members of groups , and how that changes their ability to function .
Serbia allies itself with Hungary to gain independence .
The total area is 18.63 km which gives a population density of 344 inhabitants per km .
The label was founded in 1991 by Alex Abbiss and hip hop group Insane Clown Posse .
U Do n't Know Me ( Like U Used To ) - The Remix EP is the first EP by American R&B singer Brandy , released in 1999 ( see 1999 in music ) .
Yudhoyono won the 2004 Indonesian presidential election defeating incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri .
The Council decides that the threat of Sauron is too great and that the best course of action is to destroy the Ring by returning it to Mount Doom in Mordor , where it was forged .
He joined Mary Lou Williams as a drummer for an engagement in New York in autumn 1942 .
On 17 May 1980 , Chun dropped all pretense of civilian rule , extending martial law to the entire country and disbanding the National Assembly .
Nearby there is the Goobang National Park , and Peak Hill which features an Open Cut Mine that can be toured during holidays .
Coulter is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
The style was used to rich and sometimes extraordinary effect in both these countries , notably on the famous pulpit in Vienna Cathedral .
In 1783 , according to family tradition , Jane and Cassandra were sent to Oxford to be educated by Mrs. Ann Cawley and they moved with her to Southampton later in the year .
Composers of their generation , as well as later composers , such as Orlando de Lassus , were influenced by the Italian madrigal .
The first No Way Out was originally produced as an In Your House event for World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) , the former name of WWE .
It was given city rights in 1342 and became the seat of a Lutherian bishop in 1554 .
The others are Middle Temple , Inner Temple and Lincoln 's Inn .
Like other reptiles , turtles are ectotherms -- varying their internal temperature according to the ambient environment , commonly called cold-blooded .
In 1972 , Aung San Suu Kyi married Aris , a scholar of Tibetan culture , living abroad in Bhutan .
Only the noble lords were allowed by custom to fight , and ostensibly the merchant townspeople were workers , not warriors .
Khanpur is also known as Khanpur Katora ; The Urdu word '' Katora '' is defined as the English word for bowl .
Overpopulation in France , according to Pope Urban II .
For the first time , a European government represents all social classes .
The American Staffordshire Terrier is a companion dog .
It is possible that the neutrino and antineutrino are in fact the same particle , a hypothesis first proposed by the Italian physicist Ettore Majorana . The neutrino could transform into an antineutrino ( and vice versa ) by flipping the orientation of its spin state .
The new organism is naturally genetically identical to the primary one ( a clone ) .
He was a member of the ill-fated Brazilian 1950 World Cup team .
She and Biden had a daughter , Ashley , in 1981 .
Following Harthacnut 's death on 8 June 1042 , Edward 's mother Emma was rumored to have thought of Magnus of Norway as a successor , but Godwin of Wessex , probably the most powerful of the English earls , supported Edward , who succeeded to the throne .
He has taught double bass on the faculties of the Juilliard School , New England Conservatory , Yale University , Indiana University , and North Carolina School of the Arts and has published a number of instructional books for the double bass .
Satyr plays were an ancient Greek form of tragicomedy , similar in spirit to burlesque .
Additionally , it is apparent that this genus is even rarer than other small theropods , although it was one of the first small theropods described based on reasonably good cranial material .
He chose his pen name in honor of the famous Czech poet Jan Neruda .
Currently , Friday Night SmackDown opens with '' If You Rock Like Me '' .
Kirstie Alley joined the cast when Shelley Long left , and Woody Harrelson joined when Nicholas Colasanto died .
Hristo Stoichkov was awarded the Golden Boot as a joint top scorer in the tournament with six goals , along with Russia 's Oleg Salenko .
He also released a single titled '' On '' ; his second Bradley Strider EP , Bradley 's Robot ; two more Caustic Window EPs ; and his first releases on Warp Records , Surfing on Sine Waves and '' Quoth '' under the alias Polygon Window .
Dr. Martensens trykte moralske Paragrapher Martensen 's Printed Moral Paragraphs , Copenhagen 1846 .
Historical dance music While the combination of dance and music is very ancient ( for example Ancient Greek vases sometimes show dancers accompanied by musicians ) the earliest Western dance music that we can still play with a degree of certainty are the surviving medieval dances such as caroles and the Estampie .
Birth and family Eddie Schneider was born in 1911 at 2nd Avenue and 17th Street in Manhattan in New York .
k is the force constant ( or spring constant ) ( in SI units : '' N m-1 '' or '' kgs-2 '' ) .
In other countries , '' Ironic '' did not meet as much commercial success , however it was a moderate Top 20 hit in the UK , where it peaked just outside the top-ten , at # 11 .
A greenhouse is a structure with a diffrent types of covering materials , like glass or plastic roof and frequently glass or plastic walls ; it heats up because incoming visible solar radiation from the sun is absorbed by plants , soil , and other things inside the building .
Most likely he was a singer in the local cathedral from his boyhood , and he became master of choristers there in 1583 .
It is around long , stretching from Stockport , Greater Manchester , and ending at Liverpool Bay , Merseyside .
Released in 1980 , the first Volkswagen Caddy is a light pickup truck , and van based on the Volkswagen Group A1 platform , shared with the small family car Volkswagen Golf Mk1 .
Poker games differ in how the cards are dealt , how hands may be formed , whether the high or low hand wins the pot in a showdown ( in some games , the pot is split between the high and low hands ) , limits on bets and how many rounds of betting are allowed .
He went on to the University of California , Berkeley , where his work with E. B. Babcock on the genetic evolution of plant species , and his association with a group of evolutionary biologists known as the Bay Area Biosystematists , led him to develop a comprehensive synthesis of plant evolution incorporating genetics .
The British Army , however , turned disarmed soldiers and civilians over to the partisan forces .
Rupperswil is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Heracles , suspecting Atlas did not intend to return , pretended to agree to Atlas ' offer , asking only that Atlas take the sky again for a few minutes so Heracles could rearrange his cloak as padding on his shoulders . When Atlas set down the apples and took the heavens upon his shoulders again , Heracles took the apples and ran away .
This version also includes a B-side titled '' Minor Threat '' , which is a cover of the eponymous song by Minor Threat .
Bagshot Park is a royal residence located near Bagshot , a village south west of Windsor and approximately north east of Guildford ( Grid reference : ) .
Sufism or ( ) is , according to its adherents , the inner , mystical dimension of Islam .
A tract , is a short literary work that is written to convince somebody to believe something .
It is 210 m tall ,1 International Finance Centre , Skyscraperpage.com has 39 storeys and four trading floors , 18 high speed passenger lifts in 4 zones , and comprises 784,000 square feet ( 72,850 m ) .
After 293 km the Werra joins the Fulda River in Hann .
The law expresses that energy can be transformed , i.e. changed from one form to another , but can not be created or destroyed .
MEPIS ( ) is a set of Linux distributions , distributed as Live CDs that can be installed onto a hard disk drive .
The song is influenced by 1970s funk and contains limited elements of 1980s go-go , with sound that closely resembles live music .
In addition to the Beatles compositions , the soundtrack features an original score composed by Elliot Goldenthal .
This was a temporary designation for one legislative session only , and the capital was then moved to another temporary location , Cahawba , until the legislature selected Montgomery as the permanent location .
He also wrote for John Denver ( a neighbor of his in Aspen , Colorado , at one point ) , The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour , and The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour .
The American Robin is active mostly during the day , and on its winter grounds it assembles in large flocks at night to roost in trees in secluded swamps or dense vegetation .
In addition to writing all six Rocky films , Stallone also wrote Cobra , Driven and Rambo .
The Austrian Empire ( ) was a modern era successor empire founded on a remnant of the Holy Roman Empire , which was centered on what is today 's Austria and which officially lasted from 1804 to 1867 .
In this taxonomic scheme moths belong to the sub-order Heterocera .
The 1929 -- 30 NHL season was the thirteenth season of the National Hockey League .
Racing returned in 1910 , with a total of 66 automobile races held during three holiday weekends ( Memorial Day , Fourth of July and Labor Day ) .
Wizardry is a series of computer role-playing games , developed by Sir-Tech , that were popular in the 1980s .
Enfield Lock was the main station for the Royal Small Arms Factory until its closure in the late 1980s , and now serves the large housing development on the site known as Enfield Island Village , as well as the nearby Innova Science and Business park .
The first international flight , from Tel Aviv to Paris ( refueling in Rome ) , took place on 31 July 1949 .
Auxology ( Human development )
Dog type , categorization by use or function of domestic dogs
Peterhead F.C. are a football club based in Peterhead , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The project was started on 16 November 2001 , and was the 11th Wikipedia to be created .
That same year he left for a research career in the United States where he has worked principally at Tulane University .
England :
Airbus also decided that the A330 and A340 would share a common cockpit with the A320 .
His specialty was animating Mickey Mouse as he was the only one of the Nine Old Men to work on that character from its origins with Ub Iwerks .
They had one child together -- his only son , Eugene Wesley , Jr. .
In fact the area surrounding Torgau initially occupied by U.S. forces was later , in July 1945 , given over to Soviet forces in compliance with the Yalta agreement .
In 1916 , Ohio State became the first university in Ohio to be extended membership into the Association of American Universities , and remains the only public university in Ohio among the organization 's sixty members .
Le Mesnil-Simon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Blytheville is a city in and one of the two county seats of Mississippi County , Arkansas , United States .
Construction continued with the addition of the South Portico in 1824 and the North in 1829 .
Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 ( formally designated D\/1993 F2 , nicknamed String of Pearls for its appearance ) was a comet that broke apart and collided with Jupiter in July 1994 , providing the first direct observation of an extraterrestrial collision of solar system objects .
Although both players start with one queen each , a player can promote a pawn to any of several types of pieces including a queen when the pawn is moved to the player 's furthest rank , which is the opponents first rank .
The Free City of Danzig ( ; ) was a semi-autonomous city-state that existed between 1920 and 1939 , consisting of the Baltic Sea port of Danzig ( today Gda sk ) and surrounding areas .
During the 20th century , the dramatic increase in average life span is widely credited to public health achievements , such as vaccination programs and control of infectious diseases , effective safety policies such as motor-vehicle and occupational safety , improved family planning , chlorination of drinking water , smoke-free measures , and programs designed to decrease chronic disease .
This also advertises BookCrossing and creates more members .
The infamous bushranger , Frank Gardiner and his gang , including Ben Hall ambushed the Forbes-Orange Cobb and Co coach on 15 June 1862 .
As part of the screenwriting and promotion for the film , a backstory for the technology was made , including a spoof website for '' Lacuna , Inc. '' that described it .
On July 20 , Armstrong and Aldrin became the first humans to land on the Moon , while Collins orbited above .
After fermentation , the beans are dried , then cleaned , and then roasted , and the shell is removed to produce cacao nibs .
Phoronids generally follow one of two main types of reproductive strategies .
His performance at the 1998 World Cup brought him to national and international prominence and he went on to appear , and score , in Euro 2000 , the 2002 World Cup and Euro 2004 .
Likewise , of the group of molluscs known as the cephalopods , there are approximately 600 extant species and 7,500 extinct species .
In the eastern Pacific proper , the season saw below average activity in terms of the number of systems , but about average activity in terms of the strength of storms .
It is mainly used as a sandwich spread , sometimes in combination as in the peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
Edguy is a Power metal band from Fulda , Germany that was formed in 1992 .
In 1967 , Sturtevant received the National Medal of Science .
in which a number is assigned to each symbol of a mathematical notation , after which a sequence of natural numbers can then represent a sequence of strings .
He was the first president to be assassinated or to lie in state .
When inside the pomerium , the lictors removed the axes from the fasces to show that a citizen could not be executed without a trial .
NTFS is the standard file system of Windows NT , including its later versions Windows 2000 , Windows XP , Windows Server 2003 , Windows Server 2008 , Windows Vista , and Windows 7 .
The hymn is a prayer for God to remain present with the speaker throughout life , through trials , and through death .
The earthquake not only caused casualties and building damages , but also damaged several undersea cables , disrupting telecommunication services in various parts of Asia .
At the same time , a CD\/DVD combo was released exclusively at Wal-mart .
Cartoonist At age 17 , during the Great Depression , Chuck Templeton ( as he was then known ) got his first job as a sports cartoonist for The Globe and Mail .
The series was broadcast in 26 episodes from 2 April 2002 to 24 September 2002 across Japan , East Asia , and Southeast Asia by the anime satellite television network , Animax and the terrestrial Tokyo Broadcasting System network .
Because of its varied and current themes of racism , love , jealousy , and betrayal Othello is still often performed in professional and community theaters alike and has been the basis for numerous operatic , film , and literary adaptations .
Ian Russell McEwan CBE , FRSA , FRSL ( born 21 June 1948 ) is an English novelist and screenwriter , and one of Britain 's most highly regarded writers .
In species that produce two morphologically distinct types of gametes , and in which each individual produces only one type , a female is any individual that produces the larger type of gamete- called an ovum ( or egg ) - and a male produces the smaller tadpole-like type- called a sperm .
After the rediscovery of Gilbert 's potoroo , more animals were captured to try to help and get more young to be born in order to help increase the population .
The state 's origins are unique in Australia as a freely-settled , planned British province , rather than as a convict settlement .
It consists of both covers and the bands ' own songs .
Franz Ferdinand are a Scottish rock band that formed in Glasgow , Scotland , in 2002 .
The Household Cavalry use the rank of Corporal of Horse instead , the only regiments to preserve the old cavalry tradition of having corporals but not sergeants .
Orselina is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Bible , also part of the church 's canon , is believed to be '' the word of God as far as it is translated correctly '' .
, Geographic Names Information System .
A web crawler ( spider ) is another example of a common type of client or user agent .
It is also the chief city of an arrondissement of the same name .
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ; additional terms may apply .
Buddhists do not consider Siddhartha Gautama to have been the only Buddha .
Rupen Sevag ( February 15 , 1885 - August 26 , 1915 ) was an Armenian poet , prose-writer , and doctor .
Around 1.5 million people speak the Swahili language and it is Tanzania 's and Kenya 's official language .
They have the ability to keep a second embryo in a state of diapause while the first embryo is growing .
His view is that people living in very warm countries are '' too hot-tempered , '' while those in northern countries are '' icy '' or '' stiff . ''
The IOC pursued an investigation which led to the resignation of four members and expulsion of six others .
It is the first Council not recognized by any of the Oriental Orthodox churches .
They are able to hear although no external ear is present , and have a number of unique features in their skeleton , some of them apparently evolutionarily retained from fish .
The front cover must present the full title with all words of the title equally prominent and visible .
The metro population is expected to reach 5.12 million by 2020 .
He applied the methods of physical mathematics to the study of optical images and of the refraction of light in the eye .
She has been a member of the Swiss Federal Council since 2002 , and was President of the Confederation in 2007 .
C-type asteroids are carbonaceous asteroids .
Craig Parker ( born 12 November 1970 in Suva , Fiji ) is a New Zealand actor who was based in the United Kingdom for some time , but now resides in New Zealand .
Wessel was murdered by an unknown assailant , possibly a Communist party member , in February 1930 , and Nazi propagandist Gauleiter Dr. Joseph Goebbels made him a martyr of the Nazi movement .
Another famous stream , the Lai stream , joins this stream near Swaan Camp .
La Caine is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
He has starred in several television series spanning a career of more than five decades . These included his roles as Bret Maverick , in the popular 1950s western-comedy series , Maverick ; Jim Rockford , in the popular 1970s detective drama , The Rockford Files ; and the father of Katey Sagal 's character on 8 Simple Rules following the death of John Ritter .
It is a member of the Gallic group of irregular satellites .
Bismarck or Bismark may refer to :
On 5 March 2007 , a team of scientists on board the RRS James Cook embarked on a voyage to an area of the Atlantic seafloor where the mantle lies exposed without any crust covering , mid-way between the Cape Verde Islands and the Caribbean Sea .
Largely as a result of the establishment of the Army Training Estate Salisbury Plain ( ATE SP ) , the plain is sparsely populated and is the largest remaining area of calcareous grassland in north-west Europe .
However , while long legs normally indicate a fast runner , the legs and even feet and toes of Anchiornis were covered in feathers , including long flight feathers similar to those in the hind wings of Microraptor , making it unlikely that Anchiornis was a capable ground runner .
Mede is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia .
Los Angeles , California , U.S.
This expansion pack featured levels that were based on real-world locations , such as the White House , the FBI headquarters , the Smithsonian museum , and the Washington Monument and other places in Washington , D.C. .
Juillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The first nationally formalised rules were drawn up by the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) in Ireland in 1884 .
She had one brother , Prince Charles Edward , Duke of Albany ( 1884 - 1954 ) and later reigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ( 1900 - 1918 ) .
The irony with this is that its add to the consumer culture he hated .
A thermodynamic state is a set of values of properties of a thermodynamic system that must be specified to reproduce the system . The individual parameters are known as state variables , state parameters or thermodynamic variables .
Mahasiddhas are a form of bodhisattva , meaning they have the spiritual abilities to enter nirvana whenever they please , but they are so compassionate they resolve to remain in samsara to help others .
However , Cassius refused to join in the fight against Cato and Scipio in Africa , choosing instead to retire to Rome .
The song was written by Terius Nash , Christopher Stewart , and Kuk Harrell , and was produced by Stewart .
It can refer to discrete-time signals that have a discrete number of levels , for example a sampled and quantified analog signal , or to the continuous-time waveform signals in a digital system , representing a bit-stream .
Soon , the Fire Nation arrives and Zhao begins his attack while Zuko begins his search for the Avatar on his own , capturing Aang as he enters the spirit world to find the dragon spirit to give him the wisdom to defeat the Fire Nation .
The nine sailors killed are the last casualties of World War I.
After Favre had been traded , the Packers started their 2008 season with their 2005 first round draft pick quarterback Aaron Rodgers under center ; he was the first quarterback other than Brett Favre to start for the Packers in 16 years .
Celestine Hycieth Babayaro ( born August 29 , 1978 in Kaduna ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays left-back and is currently a free agent .
Season two # Title Summary 16 A Comedy of Eras The Mask battles a mad female scientist named Chronos who sends The Mask to the future and to the era of the Salem Witch Trials .
Now it is the administrative center of the Kharkiv oblast ( province ) , as well as the administrative center of the surrounding Kharkivskyi Raion ( district ) within the oblast .
The oud ( , al - ' d ) is a pear-shaped stringed instrument commonly used in Middle Eastern music .
At the Earth 's surface , earthquakes manifest themselves by shaking and sometimes displacing the ground .
After the deaths of both Napoleon Bonaparte in 1821 , and of his eldest brother Joseph in 1844 , Louis was seen by the Bonapartists as the rightful Emperor of the French , although Louis took little action himself to advance the claim .
As of 2000 the population was 29,038 .
Works His works show that he commanded all the learning of his time .
Jackass is an American stunt and prank show , originally shown on MTV from 2000 to 2002 , featuring people performing various dangerous , crude , ridiculous , and self-injuring stunts and pranks .
Boyfriend , a 1989 album by Boy George
Vince continued to weaken as it approached the Iberian Peninsula and became a tropical depression on October 11 , shortly before it made landfall near Huelva , Spain .
The Mechanical Hand ( 2005 , Combat Records )
Although it feeds predominantly on soft foods , the honey badger 's cheek teeth are often extensively worn .
It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba ; Harrison and Knowles produced the track for her second solo album , B ` Day .
After living in Trujillo for two years , his family moved to Spain , then Scotland and lived in Trinidad and Tobago for ten years .
-- 20052004 -- 05200420042004
The mixture is actually 98 % ethanol and 2 % gasoline for races held in the United States .
Chop ( , , ) is a city located in the Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine , near the borders of Slovakia and Hungary .
It is a medium-sized deciduous tree growing to 15-25 m ( 50-82 ft. ) tall .
Ratodero is a Taluka of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Ratodero , founded by Rato Khan Jalbani in the days of Talpur dynasty , is the capital .
There were two wars known as the Sino-Japanese War ( between China and Japan ) : The First Sino-Japanese War occurred between 1894 and 1895 , primarily over control of Korea .
Katrina is estimated to be responsible for at least $ 81.2 billion in damages , breaking Hurricane Andrew 's record in 1992 , making it the costliest natural disaster in U.S. history .
'' Back Chat '' , written by bassist John Deacon , is the track most influenced by black music .
It is the most rarely used letter in written EnglishEnglish letter frequencies ( but is the most frequently used of the consonants in the Polish language ) .
Gordan Nikolitch began playing the violin when he was seven .
Turner served on the Art Committee of Derby Art Gallery and both his and his son 's paintings are included in the city 's collection .
Wingles is a commune and in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Originally , the allemande formed the first movement of the suite , before the courante , but , later , it was often preceded by an introductory movement , such as a prelude .
It is often known as a continent which consists of the continents of Africa and Eurasia ( further divided into Asia and Europe ) .
Switzerland is multilingual and has four national languages : German , French , Italian and Romansh .
The hippopotamus is semi-aquatic , inhabiting rivers and lakes where territorial bulls preside over a stretch of river and groups of 5 to 30 females and young .
Taupe ( ) refers to a dark grayish-brown color .
Subfamilies Cricetomyinae ( pouched rats ) Delanymyinae ( Delany 's Mouse ) Dendromurinae ( climbing mice ) Mystromyinae ( white-tailed rat ) Nesomyinae ( Malagasy rats and mice ) Petromyscinae ( African rock mice ) References Jansa , S. A. and M. Weksler .
The Myxini lack proper vertebrae , which are characteristic for vertebrates according to the new interpretation , whereas traditionally , and confusingly , they were not ( Hickman et al. , 2007 ) .
Caulfield is located between Sir John Monash Drive and Normanby Road , with station access from both .
An imperative sentence or command tells someone to do something : Go to work at 7:30 tomorrow morning .
In Buddhism , the term buddha usually refers to one who has become enlightened ( i.e. , awakened to the truth , or Dharma ) .
Microphones are used in many applications such as telephones , tape recorders , hearing aids , motion picture production , live and recorded audio engineering , in radio and television broadcasting and in computers for recording voice , VoIP , and for non-acoustic purposes such as ultrasonic checking .
but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor jin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
From these early times , the garden has contained a gallery of natural objects ( now Pisa 's Museo di Storia Naturale ) , a library ( now part of the university library ) , and portraits of its directors throughout the centuries .
Sometimes other government bodies enter into a '' twinning '' relationship , such as the agreement between the provinces of Hainan in China and Jeju-do in South Korea , or between Washington , D.C. , and Beijing .
The French National Assembly ( ) is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of France under the Fifth Republic .
Union Theological Seminary & Presbyterian School of Christian Education , in Virginia
Sagan was married three times : in 1957 , to biologist Lynn Margulis , mother of Dorion Sagan and Jeremy Sagan ; in 1968 , to artist Linda Salzman , mother of Nick Sagan ; and in 1981 , to author Ann Druyan , mother of Alexandra Rachel ( Sasha ) Sagan and Samuel Democritus Sagan . His marriage to Druyan continued until his death in 1996 .
Pansexuality ( also referred to as omnisexuality ) The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language -- Fourth Edition .
Dercy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Hybrid Theory received mostly postive reviews from critics upon release .
Though founded in 1887 , under Jack Hyles ' leadership from 1959 & ndash ; 2001 it became one of the megachurches in the United States and during the 1970s had the highest Sunday school attendance of any church in the world .
In linguistics , a mass noun ( also uncountable noun or non-count noun ) is a common noun that is best identified by its syntactic properties , and especially in contrast with count nouns .
From 1998-2003 , he was Principal Guest Conductor of the New York Philharmonic .
Schmiedrued is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In India , Buddhists , Jains , and Hindus abstain from eating meat on the grounds both of health and of reverence for all sentient forms of life .
Asia The Hsiung-nu empire dissolves .
Albert Camus ( ; 7 November 1913 - 4 January 1960 ) was a French Algerian author , philosopher and journalist .
Cowry , also sometimes spelled cowrie , plural cowries , is the common name for a group of small to large marine gastropods in the family Cypraeidae .
Formiae ( modern day Formia ) was founded by ancient Romans , the name deriving from the Greek hormiai , meaning '' landing place '' .
He is survived by a son , Robert , a daughter , Peggy Ashburn , four grandchildren - Janette , Heather , Kay , and John -- and nine great-grand children .
Pumping toxic mixtures , such as chili peppers and chemicals like alum , permanganate or plant poison into the body of the woman .
The essential difference between Euclidean and non-Euclidean geometry is the nature of parallel lines .
Physical description The ermine is a member of the family Mustelidae , one of the most species-rich families in order Carnivora .
It is considered the newspaper of record and is the oldest daily in the Balkans , having been founded on January 25 , 1904 by Vladislav Ribnikar .
Snoop Dogg wears hockey jerseys of the now-defunct Springfield Indians of the American Hockey League and Pittsburgh Penguins ( with the name and number ` GIN AND JUICE ' 94 on the back ) in the video .
In the delegations , the international staff are assisted by some 13,000 national employees , bringing the total staff under the authority of the ICRC to roughly 15,000 .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Albirex Niigata .
Jack '' Manassa Mauler '' Dempsey ( June 24 , 1895 -- May 31 , 1983 ) was an American boxer who held the world heavyweight title from 1919 to 1926 .
Wind shear , sometimes referred to as windshear or wind gradient , is a difference in wind speed and direction over a relatively short distance in the atmosphere .
The speed of the Earth 's rotation increased , shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds due to the redistribution of Earth 's mass/O. .
was the eighth shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan , ruling from 1716 until his abdication in 1745 .
A Modern History of Japan from Tokugawa Times to the Present , p. 23 .
Isabeau of Bavaria ( also Isabella of Bavaria-Ingolstadt ; c. 1370 & ndash ; 24 September 1435 ) was Queen consort of France ( 1385-1422 ) as spouse of King Charles VI of France , a member of the Valois Dynasty .
The term '' British Empire '' is in fact Dee 's own invention .
These stages are interphase , prophase , prometaphase , metaphase , anaphase and telophase .
When the three merged in 1844 to form the Midland Railway its first Locomotive and Carriage Superintendent Matthew Kirtley set out to organise their activities and persuaded that the railway should build their own rolling stock , rather than buying it in .
Rolex watches are frequently counterfeited , often illegally sold on the street and online .
A political cartoon by Thomas Nast , published in Harper 's Weekly on November 7 , 1874 , is considered the first important use of the symbol .
Komodo dragons eat by tearing large chunks of flesh and swallowing them whole while holding the carcass down with their forelegs .
Gucci expanded overseas , board meetings about the company 's future often ended with tempers flaring and luggage and purses flying .
A centimetre ( American spelling : centimeter , symbol cm ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to one hundredth of a metre , which is the current SI base unit of length .
In the second series of Torchwood , Jack became a much more light-hearted character once again , after appearances in Doctor Who where he was reunited with the Doctor .
Naas is a major commuter suburb , with many people residing there and working in Dublin .
Cyma Zarghami is an Iranian-American cable television executive currently serving as the president of Nickelodeon and MTV Networks ' Kids & Family Group .
On April 24 , 2006 , Linspire announced its own project named '' Freespire '' .
Description The present-day species are native to Southeast Asia and can be found from India and Sri Lanka to southern China , Taiwan , Japan ( Boso Peninsula and Oshima Island ) , and Indonesian islands .
London City Airport has a CAA Public Use Aerodrome Licence ( Number P728 ) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flight training .
Boston manager Art Ross predicted that Thompson , now 35 , would play for the Red Wings for at least another five seasons ; however , Thompson remained with the team for only two seasons before retiring from playing .
The Saab 35 Draken is a fighter aircraft manufactured by Saab between 1955 and 1974 .
Strait of Gibraltar , the only natural passage between the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea .
The phrase abstract algebra was coined at the turn of the 20th century to distinguish this area from what was normally referred to as algebra , the study of the rules for manipulating formulae and algebraic expressions involving unknowns and real or complex numbers , often now called elementary algebra .
The Utman Khel or Utmankhel ( ) are a Pashtun tribe who occupy the hills to the north of Peshawar in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Fully devoted to remaining independent but under considerable pressure from both German and Austrian Nazis , Austria 's Chancellor Kurt Schuschnigg tried to hold a referendum to ask the Austrian people whether they wished to remain independent or merge into Germany .
Columbia Pictures now forms part of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group , owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment , a subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Sony .
William Shakespeare gives it an unflattering reference in Titus Andronicus , Act II , Scene I : '' Overcome with moss and baleful mistletoe '' .
Even when his mother married a new husband in the mid-1880s , he was not brought back to live with her but reared instead by his grandmother Elizabeth Coll , her son Patrick and her daughter Hannie , in County Limerick .
It is filmed in the United States and hosted by Rachel de Azevedo Coleman , daughter of the well-known film score composer Lex de Azevedo .
Two of its headwaters tributaries , the Middle Branch Blue Earth River and the West Branch Blue Earth River , also flow for short distances in northern Iowa .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( Arabic : , Coptic : B - ) ( born 14 November 1922 ) is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations ( UN ) from January 1992 to December 1996 .
Brodeur also played on Team Canada during the 1996 World Cup of Hockey , where Canada lost to the United States in the gold medal match .
Course It originates in the Himalayas in the Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh , India following a north-westerly course .
From 1502 Tromboncino was employed by the even more infamous Lucrezia Borgia in Ferrara , where he wrote music for the famous intermedi of her opulent court , and most significantly for her wedding to Alfonso d'Este .
Marriage and family While in Whittier , Pat Ryan met a young lawyer fresh out of Duke University law school , Richard Milhous Nixon .
The depression dissipated the next day .
The myths also differ as to whether Artemis was born first , or Apollo .
The '' Guides '' to '' English Gentlemen '' , '' Politics '' and '' Sport '' were also filmed at this time but released at a later date as part of Ali G DVDs .
Under Director Angela Mason ( 1992 to 2002 ) who was awarded an OBE '' for services to homosexual rights '' , it saw amendments to the 2002 Adoption and Children Bill which treated lesbian and gay couples in the same way as heterosexuals .
Antoine-Laurent de Lavoisier ( also Antoine Lavoisier after the French Revolution ; ( 26 August 1743 - 8 May 1794 ) ; , the '' father of modern chemistry '' , was a French nobleman prominent in the histories of chemistry and biology .
Ship Canal The Manchester Ship Canal was created by canalisation of the Rivers Irwell and Mersey for from Salford to the Mersey estuary .
Nineteen Questions for Christian Clergy/Hristiyan Din Adamlarina Ondokuz Soru .
During his career , Holly has held the WWF\/E Hardcore Championship seven times , the WWF\/E Tag Team Championship three times ( with 1-2-3 Kid , Crash Holly and Cody Rhodes ) , and the NWA World Tag Team Championship once with Bart Gunn .
John Deere ( February 7 , 1804 & ndash ; May 17 , 1886 ) was an American blacksmith and manufacturer who founded Deere & Company , one of the largest agricultural and construction equipment manufacturers in the world .
Whibley proposed to Lavigne by surprising her with a trip to Venice , a gondola ride , and then a romantic picnic .
The version of '' Do n't Panic '' featured on this release is different to the one that appears on the band 's later debut LP , Parachutes .
After Lyall , Lou Macari briefly led the team , though he resigned after less than a single season in order to clear his name of allegations of illegal betting whilst manager of Swindon Town .
Kirby , Arkansas
Pakistan is the sixth most populous country in the world and has the second largest Muslim population in the world after Indonesia .
She was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , along with Richard Axel , for their work on olfactory receptors .
There are more than 70 genera divided into about 1,000 species .
He served as the first Territorial Governor of Minnesota from June 1 , 1849 to May 15 , 1853 as a member of the Whig Party .
Ethnic groups The population of Afghanistan is divided into a wide variety of ethnic groups .
According to the Pali Tipitaka , the Four Noble Truths were the first teaching of Gautama Buddha after attaining Nirvana .
Cars is a 2006 American animated comedy film produced by Pixar and directed by both John Lasseter and Joe Ranft .
Instead , he used short clips from catchy music hall songs to establish each location and , with careful editing , the interviewees related their own experiences and introduced each other .
He is the former longtime partner of actress Susan Sarandon .
The pronunciation of '' Van Gogh '' varies in both English and Dutch .
It is the county seat of Washington County , in which most of the city lies .
AIESEC acts in a way that is sustainable for the organization and society .
It precedes Super Mario Bros. 2 (/O1988/O) and was followed by Super Mario World in 1990 .
Any-Martin-Rieux is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The two principal drainage channels of the Zhob district are the Zhob River and the Kundar River , both flow into the Gomal River .
Open source software is software whose source code is published and made available to the public , enabling anyone to copy , modify and redistribute the source code without paying royalties or fees .
He died in Geneva at the age of 85 .
Royal Navy
The giant robot genre ( known as '' Mecha '' outside Japan ) , for instance , took shape under Tezuka , developed into the Super Robot genre under Go Nagai and others , and was revolutionized at the end of the decade by Yoshiyuki Tomino who developed the Real Robot genre .
Gaborone is situated at between Kgale and Oodi Hills , on the Notwane River in the southeastern corner of Botswana , and 15 k from the South African border Gaborone is surrounded by the following cities : Ramotswa to the southeast , Mogoditshane to the northwest , and Mochudi to the east , and Tlokweng across the river . Most of them are commuter towns for Gaborone .
It is no longer in common use , except in regard to the volume of alcoholic spirits measures but it is also kept alive by the occasional reference , such as in the cumulative song , '' The Barley Mow '' .
These movement patterns are distinct to the taxa , separating them .
The Binturong can live over 20 years in captivity ; one has been recorded to have lived almost 26 years .
Until late in 2006 , Al Ain and Buraimi enjoyed an open border and functioned as a unit .
A Clayton , Squadron Leader H. W. G. J. Penderel , three Arab car drivers and a cook .
In this book , kimchi was referred to as jeo ( ) .
Pietro Anastasi ( born 7 April 1948 ) , nicknamed Petruzzu ' u turcu by fans , was an Italian footballer , playing in the striker role .
On 28 September 2009 he announced his return to the Belgium national football team .
The developing system became a subtropical storm itself early on October 8 , 580 miles ( 930 km ) southeast of Lajes in the Azores .
Lexington is a city in Cleveland County , Oklahoma , United States .
Allisyn Ashley Arm as Zora Lancaster - A cast member of So Random !
Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught and Strathearn ( Arthur William Patrick Albert ; 1 May 1850 - 16 January 1942 ) was a member of the shared British and Saxe-Coburg and Gotha royal family who served as the Governor General of Canada , the 10th since Canadian Confederation .
As a Time Lord , Romana was able to regenerate , having two on-screen incarnations with somewhat different personalities ( dubbed Romana I and Romana II by fans ) .
In these semi-operas ( another term for which at the time was '' dramatic opera '' ) , the main characters of the plays do not sing but speak their lines : the action moves in dialogue rather than recitative .
Personal union with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from 1922 to 1937/1949 ( see Irish head of state from 1936-1949 ) .
Hull is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County , Florida , United States .
Sawyer , S. R. , A High-Resolution CCD Spectroscopic Survey of Low-Albedo Main Belt Asteroids , PhD thesis , The University of Texas ( 1991 ) .
Ambérieu - en-Bugey
While he was there , Cat 's Cradle became a best-seller , and he began Slaughterhouse-Five , now considered one of the best American novels of the 20th century , appearing on the 100 best lists of Time magazine and the Modern Library .
The Rhine Falls are the largest waterfalls in Europe and lie on the border of the canton of Schaffhausen and the canton of Zurich .
Jagiellonians were hereditary rulers of Lithuania and Poland .
This initial letter opened a discussion on the types of assistance and intelligence Arnold might provide , and included instructions for how to communicate in the future .
The show takes place on the Pearl Islands , off the coast of Panama , and had a pirate culture theme .
His career was then interrupted by the Second World War .
Railroads , such as the Lehigh Valley Railroad , were vital to the movement of raw materials and finished goods , and employed a significant workforce during this time .
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 28 , 1990 .
Two heritage dockyard residences are now also available as holiday houses .
He had to share this , however , with his younger brother Johann Georg , who finally accepted the receipt of an income from the duchy of Saxe-Eisenach and made his residence in the small town of Marksuhl .
Product failure ranges from failure to sell the product to fracture of the product , in the worst cases leading to personal injury , the province of forensic engineering .
As a leader of the Whig Party , he was one of the nation 's most prominent conservatives , leading opposition to Democrat Andrew Jackson and the Democratic party .
The last is Lulu herself , who is carried on stage and introduced as a snake , tamed by human reason .
Camilla '' Milly '' Rosso and Rebecca '' Becky '' Rosso ( born July 6 , 1994 in England ) are English identical twin actresses .
Excluding Midway , which is an unincorporated territory of the United States , the Hawaiian Islands form the U.S. state of Hawaii .
He currently plays for F.C. Tokyo .
The total length of the Carpathians is over , and the mountain chain 's width varies between .
A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual weather event .
During the Great Depression of the 1930s , John Maynard Keynes authored a book entitled The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money outlining the key theories of Keynesian economics .
They were built from 1961-1963 at British Railways ' Derby Works and were initially numbered D138-D193 .
The intensity and tint of the green however depends on how much iron is contained in the crystal structure , so the color of individual peridot gems can vary from yellow-green through olive green to brownish green .
After Eastern Illinois joined the Ohio Valley Conference for football in 1995 , Youngstown State joined in 1997 and was followed by Western Kentucky in 2001 .
Legislation can have many purposes : to regulate , to authorize , to proscribe , to provide ( funds ) , to sanction , to grant , to declare or to restrict .
Yvonne Edouilda Marie Dionne ( died of cancer )
Bremerhaven ( ) is the seaport of the free city-state of Bremen , a federal state of Germany .
In 1987 , FC Porto also gained the UEFA Supercup ( another first for Portugal ) and , in 2004 , it brought Portugal 's first UEFA Champions League trophy , making FC Porto the most successful club internationally in Portugal .
They started playing less than one year after it was invented in 1891 .
She called home and subsequently left the Gang without ever having technically committed any crimes .
The town was named after Dr Thomas Braidwood Wilson .
Whether an array runs as RAID 0 +1 or RAID 1 +0 in practice is often determined by the evolution of the storage system . A RAID controller might support upgrading a RAID 1 array to a RAID 1 +0 array on the fly , but require a lengthy offline rebuild to upgrade from RAID 1 to RAID 0 +1 .
Avebury is the site of an ancient monument consisting of a large henge , several stone circles , stone avenues and barrows , surrounding the village of Avebury in the English county of Wiltshire .
Ifs is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In the middle of the floor of the court lies the short line , dividing the floor into two squares .
In OOP , each object is capable of receiving messages , processing data , and sending messages to other objects .
Authors of books and articles on the history of Norwegian technology eagerly seized it to make a thin story more substantial .
Other Wikipedia editors questioned Essjay on his Wikipedia talk page about the apparent discrepancy between his new Wikia profile and his previously claimed credentials .
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
The position of royal printmaker was public office , and thereby also made her the first female official in Sweden .
Pseudoephedrine ( commonly as PSE ) is a sympathomimetic amine commonly used as a decongestant .
The lunar crater Autolycus was named in his honour .
When DaimlerChrysler briefly controlled Chrysler and Mitsubishi , the Lancer name was given to Mitsubishi for usage in North America .
Many years later , when Max is in middle school , he finds out that Freak and his mother , Guinevere ( referred to as '' The Fair Gwen '' after King Arthur 's wife ) are moving into the house next door .
American Experience | Fidel Castro | People & Events | PBS Presidio Modelo is now closed , and turned into a museum .
Mézangers is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
and the expectation over new industries that will come from Venezuela and will place their factories in Cucuta aimming at exporting through the Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement between Colombia and the United States.Com ite Empresarial : TLC comiteempresarial.org Accessed 15 October 2006 .
The monarch is the state insect of Alabama , Idaho , Illinois , Minnesota , Texas , and the state butterfly of Vermont and West Virginia .
The poison does not kill people , but it hurts for some months .
Almost simultaneously , Young was appointed by the Home Office to a committee chaired by Sir Percy Sillitoe , Chief Constable of Kent , to consider the wireless needs of all forces .
However , when Rachel decides to go to Mexico with her friends , Chloe gets dognapped .
When a phylloxera outbreak in the last quarter of the 19th century devastated the vineyards of France and Europe , calvados experienced a '' golden age '' .
There are eight big students ' clubs and the summer campus party is considered to be the biggest in Germany .
The plant - and the animal tree are not connected at the bottom of the chart .
Seoul Subway Line 2
Jibon Theke Neya ( ) is a Bengali film by Bangladeshi filmmaker Zahir Raihan .
Vietnam War : Operation Frequent Wind : The U.S. begins to evacuate U.S. citizens from Saigon prior to an expected North Vietnamese takeover .
Diaz is a city in Jackson County , Arkansas , United States .
Events King Donald III of Scotland comes to the throne .
A visa ( from the Latin charta visa , lit .
Fra Angelico ( c. 1395 -- February 18 , 1455 ) , born Guido di Pietro , was an Early Italian Renaissance painter described by Vasari in his Lives of the Artists as having '' a rare and perfect talent '' .
The jurisprudence school traces back to Imam Ahmad ibn Hanbal ( d. 855 ) but was institutionalized by his students .
In 2002 , a revival titled Whammy !
Wilhelmus Simon Petrus Fortuijn , known as Pim Fortuyn ( ; February 19 , 1948 - May 6 , 2002 ) was a Dutch politician , civil servant , sociologist , author and professor who formed his own party , Pim Fortuyn List ( Lijst Pim Fortuyn or LPF ) .
Both of these drafts were written around the time of his November 19 address , while the other three copies of the address , the Everett , Bancroft , and Bliss copies , were written by Lincoln for charitable purposes well after November 19 .
The Falklands War begins : Argentina invades the Falkland Islands .
The Tsar 's ADC Colonel Mordinov remembered Alexei : Hemophilia He had inherited hemophilia from his mother Alexandra , a condition which could be traced back to her maternal grandmother Queen Victoria .
AudioFile Magazine praised the audiobook , '' adults and children alike will be spellbound as they listen to this deeply imaginative tale unfold . ''
Map Ceremonial county County / unitary Districts South Yorkshire * 1 .
Robert Hays - Bob Seaver
It was released in 1976 and was the first album of the band to attract attention outside Europe .
Adobe Systems Incorporated , PDF Reference , Sixth edition , version 1.23 ( 30 MB ) , p. 33 .
It remains unclear if the patchy distribution of these forests and woodlands is natural , or the result of clearing which began during the Incan period .
In 1780 , Richard Arkwright began construction of Manchester 's first cotton mill .
Other possibilities If you are unhappy with the configuration possibilities available at present , you may consider submitting a code change for the copyleft MediaWiki ( which displays Wikipedia 's content ) .
In that case , it is used as a catalyst to speed up a chemical reaction .
French is the official language of the islands .
Figure taken from online copy of book chapter held on this page on the eurosceptic website '' Euro Know '' Setting a budget The Administration of the European Union has three elements to its government : the Council of Ministers , the European Commission and the European Parliament .
DinoLand U.S.A. is inspired by the public 's general curiosity about dinosaurs .
The team with the most runs at the end of the game wins .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
Elizabeth of Scotland , Queen of Bohemia ( 19 August 1596 - 13 February 1662 ) was the eldest daughter of James VI and I , King of Scotland , England , and Ireland , and Anne of Denmark .
September 2 & ndash ; Henry Hudson enters New York Bay aboard the Halve Maen .
Araluen experienced a great population increase during the gold rush and is also home to author Jackie French .
Spin-offs In 2003 , Disney expanded the Lilo & Stitch franchise to include a TV series titled Lilo & Stitch : The Series .
Nearby are Nailsea , Flax Bourton , Yatton , Brockley and Barrow Gurney .
This is estimated to happen over 600,000 years from now , when the southern tip of Spain reaches Africa .
s
Vib-Ribbon was released by NanaOn-Sha ( the creator of PaRappa the Rapper ) in 1999 , and also eschewed instrument-shaped controllers .
In seclusion , Janu became happy as she was away from the others that alienated her .
( 1st ) This contestant won first place and the C$ 1 million .
The Republic of China ( ROC ) , commonly known as Taiwan , is a state in East Asia .
It flows into the Caribbean Sea .
No Mercy ( 2007 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on October 7 , 2007 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont , Illinois .
The is the most prestigious horse race run in Japan .
Shortly after joining a pirate gang called '' The Sea Rabbits '' , the pair discovers a talking skull belonging to the pirate captain Barbaros .
Overview Java Virtual Machines operate on Java bytecode , which is normally ( but not necessarily ) generated from Java source code ; a JVM can also be used to implement programming languages other than Java .
She also trained at WWE 's developmental territory , Florida Championship Wrestling ( FCW ) .
Juma Bejucal ( D.M. )
Harold Edward Holt , CH ( 5 August 1908-17 December 1967 ) was an Australian politician and the 17th Prime Minister of Australia .
While the reliability of these sources has been questioned , it is known that during his brief reign , Caligula worked to increase the authority of the emperor .
The pair only received two years ' education in arithmetic and geometry before Dalton was forced to retire owing to a stroke .
Grabbing another chair , Matt at first appeared to be setting Edge up for his own version of Edge 's con-chair-to maneuver .
The Slavic languages ( also called Slavonic languages ) , a group of closely related languages of the Slavic peoples and a subgroup of Indo-European languages , have speakers in most of Eastern Europe , in much of the Balkans , in parts of Central Europe , and in the northern part of Asia .
In Iran the Gozinesh Law ( passed in 1985 ) has the effect of prohibiting Mandaeans from fully participating in civil life .
Located in the city of Mecca , it surrounds the Kaaba , the place which Muslims turn towards while offering daily prayers and is considered the holiest place on Earth by Muslims .
They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich .
Baader and others then spent some time in a Fatah military training camp in Jordan before being expelled due to differences in attitudes .
Her style and her skill remains a mystery as none of her work is extant .
Cobalt ( II ) fluoride can be prepared from anhydrous cobalt ( II ) chloride or cobalt ( II ) oxide in a stream of hydrogen fluoride :
A funeral cortege is a procession of mourners , most often in a motorcade of vehicles following a hearse .
Urban blacks usually speak English or Afrikaans in addition to their native tongue .
The site provides Office how-to articles , tips , training courses , templates , clip art , stock photos and media , downloads ( including add-ins for Microsoft Office programs ) , productivity-enhancing tools , and Web-based services .
Manufactures include textiles , steel , and chemicals , and gold is mined in the area .
Instead it tells the story of persecution of the Jews under Ptolemy IV Philopator ( 222-205 BC ) , some decades before the Maccabee uprising .
Their lyrics often include an atheistic theme , in particular their second album 's title track , '' Wall Of Arms '' .
It may be used in its own right , as in the case of rope bondage and breast bondage , or as part of sexual activity or BDSM activity .
Filming wrapped up on the morning of July 25 , 2009 in Mission , British Columbia .
Panama is located in Central America , bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean , between Colombia and Costa Rica .
In addition to the town Gouda in the Netherlands , Gouda can refer to :
Red Bull 's lead driver was veteran Scotsman David Coulthard , paired with Christian Klien , the '04 Jaguar driver .
Pillar is a Grammy-nominated Christian rock band currently located in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
The Secretary of the Army ( SA or SECARMY ) is a civilian official within the Department of Defense of the United States of America with statutory responsibility for all matters relating to the United States Army : manpower , personnel , reserve affairs , installations , environmental issues , weapons systems and equipment acquisition , communications , and financial management .
Potassium hydroxide and sodium hydroxide are two well-known reagents in organic chemistry .
He appeared in Canadian television programs when he was young , then diversified into American television in the late 1990s .
The Forbidden City was the Chinese imperial palace from the Ming Dynasty to the end of the Qing Dynasty .
On 22 January of every year , Novara celebrates the Feast of San Gaudenzio ( Saint Gaudentius of Novara ) , the patron saint of Novara .
One of his first efforts was the 1977 Die Konsequenz , a b\/w 16 mm adaptation of Alexander Ziegler 's autobiographical novel of pederastic love , a movie considered '' one of the best ` 70s gay dramas .
Tokyo Metro Ginza Line - terminus
It uses light to transfer a geometric pattern from a photo mask to a light-sensitive chemical photo resist , or simply '' resist , '' on the substrate .
Geography Gunnedah Shire is situated above sea level on the Liverpool Plains in the Namoi River valley .
Council The WEU is led by a Council of Ministers , assisted by a Permanent Representatives Council on ambassadorial level .
The shape of a hose is usually cylindrical ( having a circular cross section ) .
It is also the judicial capital , making it one of the three national capitals of South Africa ( together with the administrative capital Pretoria and the legislative capital Cape Town ) .
Summer stock theatre The American form of repertory theatre as practiced in England .
In 1808 , the Babbage family moved into the old Rowdens house in East Teignmouth , and Benjamin Babbage became a warden of the nearby St. Michael 's Church .
The melody for this song also appears in part in The Lemonheads ' song '' Purple Parallelogram '' , which was co-written between Gallagher and Evan Dando .
Immediately following this European tour , they played the main stage at Ozzfest 2006 alongside DragonForce , Lacuna Coil , Avenged Sevenfold , Disturbed , and co-headliners System of a Down .
Vampire bats hunt only when it is fully dark .
Baigneaux is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
In 1972 , Phelps published a new book which focused on the derivation of policy implications of his new theory .
Luiz Carlos Ferreira , best known as Luizinho ( born in Nova Lima , Minas Gerais , October 22 , 1958 ) is a former football ( soccer ) player in defender role .
Beethoven was born of this marriage in Bonn , probably on 16 December 1770 , and baptized in a Roman Catholic service the next day .
Since its opening by Queen Victoria in 1871 , the world 's leading artists from every kind of performance genre have appeared on its stage .
After 2112 , Rush retreated to the United Kingdom to record 1977 's A Farewell to Kings and 1978 's Hemispheres at Rockfield Studios in Wales .
See also Limburgish language List of Governors of Limburg , Belgium Limburg ( Netherlands ) , a province in southeastern Netherlands .
Between them they have educated a large number of Britain 's most prominent scientists , writers and politicians , Famous alumni and students of Cambridge University as well as noted figures in many other fields .
Herne , Belgium
Arctic tree line The furthest north in the Northern Hemisphere that trees can grow ; further north , it is too cold to sustain trees .
The use of posthumous names was stopped in the Qin Dynasty , because Qin Shi Huang proclaimed that it is disrespectful for the descendants , or '' later emperors '' to judge their elders , or the '' prior emperors '' ( ) .
In Finnish stories though , they are more often referred to as giants who built several castles and lived in various regions of Finland .
Founded by guitarist\/vocalist Dave Mustaine and bassist Dave Ellefson following Mustaine 's departure from Metallica , the band has since released twelve studio albums , three live albums , two EPs , twenty six singles , thirty-two music videos , four compilations , and one box set .
Dad Khan Jarwar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of PakistanOfficial website of District Government Tando Allahyar , it has a population of 65,295 .
Puisieux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On October 15 , 1914 , immediately after the start of the war , the ICRC set up its International Prisoners-of-War ( POW ) Agency , which had about 1,200 mostly volunteer staff members by the end of 1914 .
A safety curtain ( or fire curtain in America ) is a fire safety precaution used in large proscenium theaters .
As of June 28 2009 , Michelle McCool is the champion in her first reign , having defeated Melina at The Bash ( 2009 ) .
Owing to the decor style , these vehicles are quite distinct in layout from other trucks around the world .
It operates Canadian Tire Retail , Canada 's largest and most-shopped general merchandise retailer best known for its home products , hardware and tools , automotive , sports , camping , lawn and garden products .
On 10 October 1770 , she limped into port in Batavia in the Dutch East Indies for more substantial repairs , her crew sworn to secrecy about the lands they had discovered .
Yersin was a member of the Pasteur school of thought .
These aquatic mammals are related to whales and porpoises .
The stern is the rear or aft part of a ship or boat , technically defined as the area built up over the sternpost , extending upwards from the counter to the taffrail .
Her work was groundbreaking : she developed the technique for visualizing maize chromosomes and used microscopic analysis to demonstrate many fundamental genetic ideas , including genetic recombination by crossing-over during meiosis- a mechanism by which chromosomes exchange information .
It was designed by Vulcan engineer J. O. P. Hughes and the project had been started in early 1950s .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad Location Namli Maira is a mountainous rural area located in Abbottabad District ( ) .
March 23 & ndash ; Emperor Gelawdewos of Ethiopia , defending his lands against the invasion of Nur ibn Mujahid , Sultan of Harar , is killed in battle .
A common theme throughout the song is the desire to strive for a united Africa .
He later wrote what is probably his best known instrumental work , Lachrimae , or Seaven Teares , Figured in Seaven Passionate Pavans , a set of seven pavanes for five viols and lute , each based on the theme derived from the lute song '' Flow my tears '' .
The surviving species are the American bison , Bison bison ( with two subspecies , the plains bison , Bison bison bison , and the wood bison , Bison bison athabascae ) , found in North America , and the European bison , or wisent ( Bison bonasus ) , found in Europe and the Caucasus .
According to the 2000 census , Wausau had a population of 38,426 people .
Hours after moving inland , Ida weakened to a tropical storm and further to a tropical depression as it turned northward . On November 7 , the depression re-entered the Caribbean Sea and quickly intensified .
On January 1 , 2006 , Stavelot had a total population of 6,671 .
Carpenter has starred in an assortment of made-for-tv and direct-to-video movies including the sex comedy What Boys Like , the horror film Voodoo Moon , and the romantic comedies See Jane Date and Relative Chaos on ABC Family ( the latter of which co-starred Nicholas Brendon who was also one of her co-stars from Buffy the Vampire Slayer ) .
The young Bertrand-Jean Redon acquired the nickname '' Odilon '' from his mother , Odile .
Khilafat Movement , 1920 In the 1920s the Khilafat Movement , a movement to defend the Ottoman Caliphate , spread throughout the British colonial territories in what is now Pakistan .
Use this law , J.J. Thomson measured mass-to-charge ratio .
It is located in Snowdonia National Park ( ' ) in Gwynedd .
Only poor quality coal was used in salt panning ; quality coal was traded via the port , which subsequently began to grow .
One of the original U.S. highways , Route 66 was established on November 11 , 1926 -- with road signs erected the following year .
In physics , dissipation embodies the concept of a dynamical system where important mechanical models , such as waves or oscillations , lose energy over time , typically from friction or turbulence .
The Santa Margarita River is a short intermittent river on the Pacific coast of southern California in the United States , approximately 30.9 m long . One of the last free-flowing rivers in southern California , it drains an arid region of the Coast Ranges between Los Angeles and San Diego at the southern end of the Santa Ana Mountains .
Groups that do so are called monophyletic , and according to cladistics it should be the aim of classification to ensure that all groups have this property .
He previously spent 16 years working for Infinity Broadcasting Corporation ( now CBS Radio ) , owned by Viacom ( now CBS Corporation ) .
The songwriting partnership of John Lennon and Paul McCartney is one of the best-known and most successful musical collaborations in history .
Bellengreville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Many of the railroad locomotives , cars , depots , and bridges in the vicinity were destroyed beyond repair during Stoneman 's campaign .
Rhenium is a chemical element with the symbol Re and atomic number 75 .
Piazza dei Priori Palazzo dei Priori , built in 1246 .
Her husband died in 1972 and Truman continued to live quietly , enjoying visits from Margaret and her husband Clifton Daniel along with their four sons .
However , the choice of instruction set architecture may greatly affect the complexity of implementing high performance devices .
One of their background designs includes a string of repetitive numbers , '' 73774 '' .
Pages 137-138
Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein ( -- ) was a Russian pianist , conductor and composer .
At school he wrote an essay on Ulysses entitled '' My Favourite Hero '' .
Kreator are a German thrash metal band from Essen , Germany , formed in 1982 .
This symbol comes from the coat of arms of the former prussian province Rhineland .
The Prime Minister may only stay in office as long as he or she retains the confidence of the House of Commons .
In the parliamentary session of 1905 , plans were submitted for an additional station at the south end of the tunnel , under Wellington Street .
Scale models are built or collected for many reasons .
File : Gili Air seen from gili meno .
Dartmouth College ( ) is a private , coeducational university located in Hanover , New Hampshire , USA .
He was one of the most important figures in 19th century Ireland and Great Britain and described by Prime Minister William Gladstone as the most remarkable person he had ever met .
Since sales were mostly seasonal , there were not many full time , yearly employees .
The Oldsmobile 88 ( a.k.a. Eighty-Eight ) was a full-size car sold by the Oldsmobile division of General Motors and produced from 1949 until 1999 . From 1950 to 1974 the 88 was the division 's top-selling line , particularly the entry-level models such as the 88 and Dynamic 88 .
Moving out of the high-shear environment on November 24 , Delta gained organization .
It came into being with the unification of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland into the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 .
The newly upgraded cyclone began to intensify rapidly as it moved west , reaching Category 4 strength in a short amount of time .
It has a population of 56,395 (/O2009/O) .
One of the struggles that Whedon had with Fox was the tone of the show , especially with the main character Malcolm Reynolds .
Angular Recording Corporation is an independent record label originally based in New Cross , South East London .
Sursk ( ) is a town in Gorodishchensky District of Penza Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Sura River , east of Penza .
The Singapore government recognises four official languages : English , Malay , Chinese ( Mandarin ) , and Tamil .
Two major tributaries enter from the east during this last section : the Yarmouk River and Jabbok River .
He is mainly known for his attempt to stab Umberto I , king of Italy on 22 April 1897 , for which he was sent to prison for life .
The straight-eight engine or inline-eight engine is an eight-cylinder internal combustion engine with all eight cylinders mounted in a straight line along the crankcase .
Katsuyuki Miyazawa is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Montedio Yamagata .
Those Esperanto speakers who want to see Esperanto adopted officially or on a large scale worldwide are commonly called finvenkistoj , from fina venko , meaning '' final victory '' , or pracelistoj , from pracelo , meaning '' original goal '' .
Diana Jean Krall , OC , OBC ( born November 16 , 1964 ) is a Grammy Award-winning Canadian jazz pianist and singer .
Frank Vincent Zappa ( ; December 21 , 1940 - December 4 , 1993 ) was an American composer , singer-songwriter , electric guitarist , record producer , and film director .
In both 2002 and 2003 , Guebert was selected as the Prairie Football Conference Outstanding Defensive Lineman .
William Ashley '' Billy '' Sunday ( November 19 , 1862 -- November 6 , 1935 ) was an American athlete who , after being a popular outfielder in baseball 's National League during the 1880s , became the most celebrated and influential American evangelist during the first two decades of the 20th century .
Medhat Pasha Souq is also a main market in Damascus and was named after Medhat Pasha , the Ottoman governor of Syria who renovated the Souk .
In 2005 , after having served eight years of his 16-year sentence , Kelly appeared before a Connecticut parole board ; his bid for release was rejected .
The Fly ( opera ) , 2008 opera by Howard Shore , based on the 1986 film
It is valuable for its portability , long life , and high content of fat , protein , calcium , and phosphorus .
A string is the vibrating element that is the source of vibration in string instruments , such as the guitar , harp , piano , and members of the violin family .
The climate in the Andes varies greatly depending on location , altitude , and proximity to the sea .
Clarksville is the principal central city of the Clarksville , TN-KY metropolitan statistical area , which consists of Montgomery County , Stewart County , Tennessee , Christian County , Kentucky and Trigg County , Kentucky .
Paul Cézanne ( ; 19 January 1839 & ndash ; 22 October 1906 ) was a French artist and Post-Impressionist painter whose work laid the foundations of the transition from the 19th century conception of artistic endeavor to a new and radically different world of art in the 20th century .
The main investors in the project are Pakistani Government and People 's Republic of China .
He is also one of only three boxers to be named '' Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated .
This led to a new incarnation of the series for television syndication by Lorimar-Telepictures in 1988 that included new characters , like Gumby 's little sister Minga and a mastodon named Denali . Dallas McKennon returned as the voice of Gumby in new adventures that would take Gumby and his pals beyond their toyland-type setting and establish themselves as a rock band .
The Great Hanshin earthquake hit Kobe on January 17 , 1995 .
She received an Emmy Award nomination for the show for each of the first four seasons .
In the printing industry , to produce the varying colors the subtractive primaries cyan , magenta , and yellow are applied together in varying amounts .
In humans , signs and symptoms of riboflavin deficiency ( ariboflavinosis ) include cracked and red lips , inflammation of the lining of mouth and tongue , mouth ulcers , cracks at the corners of the mouth ( angular cheilitis ) , and a sore throat .
Pictures at an Exhibition ( , Kartinki s vystavki & ndash ; Vospominaniye o Viktore Gartmane , '' Pictures from an Exhibition & ndash ; A Remembrance of Viktor Hartmann '' ) is a famous suite in ten movements composed for piano by Modest Mussorgsky in 1874 .
It took place on January 27 , 2008 at Madison Square Garden in New York , New York and featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown and ECW brands .
However , following a number of accidents and Abdallah 's suicide in 1964 , Genet entered a period of depression , even attempting suicide himself .
Prior to Massive Attack , Vowles , along with Robert Del Naja , Grant Marshall , Nellee Hooper , and others were the Wild Bunch crew , named after a Western by Sam Peckinpah .
Mount Sterling is a city in Montgomery County , Kentucky , United States .
The League of Nations was formed in the hope of preventing another such conflict .
It reached its height of popularity in the United States during World War II when coffee was sharply rationed .
Whilst most formal reports give 1929 as his birth year , Previn himself has stated that 1930 is his birth year .
For instance , galactose and glucose are both aldohexoses , but have different chemical and physical properties .
In addition to updated graphics , the remake includes new characters , a multiplayer mode , and minigames .
This has been treated differently by different international bodies , the United Nations confirmed its adoption of '' Sea of Japan '' in its official documents in March 2004 , while others like National Geographic have included both names in their maps and articles .
Rochette is currently a spokesperson for the '' iheartmom '' campaign at the University of Ottawa Heart Institute , which deals with raising awareness for heart disease in women .
Madagascar (/O1994/O) is a Cuban film that marked Fernando Pérez 's change of direction into a more lyrical approach to filmmaking , somehow stripped from the realistic documentary feel of his early work .
Polish revolutionaries participated in uprisings in Prussia , the Austrian Empire and Imperial Russia Polish legions fought alongside Napoleon and under the slogan of For our freedom and yours participated widely in the Spring of Nations ( particularly Hungarian Revolution ( 1848 ) ) .
Henry Agard Wallace ( October 7 , 1888 & ndash ; November 18 , 1965 ) was the 33rd Vice President of the United States ( 1941 & ndash ; 1945 ) , the Secretary of Agriculture ( 1933 & ndash ; 1940 ) , and the Secretary of Commerce ( 1945 & ndash ; 1946 ) .
TMZ reported that he had been in a coma for five days when his family had life support removed . He died on September 29 , 2010 .
Conzieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Trevi has about twenty old churches , several of which are of note : The Duomo of Sant ' Emiliano is a Romanesque building with a carved door and an apse with carved corbels , the interior of which was significantly reworked in the 18th century .
Due to this growth , in 2005 , Schoep 's opened a $ 7 million , 46000 s distribution center on Manufacturers Drive , near the Dane County Regional Airport .
Like viols , it has a flat back and intricately carved head at the top of the peg box , but unlike viols , the head occurs often with blindfolded eyes to represent love , and its sound-holes are commonly in the shape of a flaming sword ( suggesting a Middle Eastern influence in its development ) .
Only seven tragedies have survived intact : The Persians , Seven against Thebes , The Suppliants , the trilogy known as The Oresteia , consisting of the three tragedies Agamemnon , The Libation Bearers and The Eumenides , together with Prometheus Bound ( whose authorship is disputed ) .
Barack Obama announced Vilsack 's selection to be the United States Secretary of Agriculture under his administration on December 17 , 2008 .
Quito is also known as '' La Cara de Dios '' ( '' The Face of God '' ) for the beauty of its religious colonial art and architecture cloistered in the amazing equatorial Andes landscape .
Bai Chongxi ( 18 March 1893 -- 1 December 1966 ) , , also spelled Pai Chung-hsi , was a Chinese general in the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China ( ROC ) .
The right to education is enshrined in Article 26 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Articles 13 and 14 of the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights .
The Japanese word comes from for delicious , keen , or nice .
It originated in , and was first introduced in 1983 in Japan as a grapefruit-flavored sports drink , as a response to a competitor 's brand of sports drink called Pocari Sweat .
This may have prevented cratonisation and continent formation until the mantle cooled and convection slowed down .
This article is regarding smart cards that use electrical connectors to transmit data .
The photo was taken in the office of Dr. Phil Astin , on June 22 , 2007 , mere hours before the murders began .
While working at American Music Publishers he met Glen Campbell and collaborated on several recordings .
Simultaneous penetration of the mouth and either the vagina or anus .
He is known as a physical and aggressive defenceman .
More than 900 families were evacuated , with many rescued from roof-tops by boat and helicopter .
During Act II , the characters Marplay and Sparkish , two theater managers , offer poor advice to Luckless on how to improve his play , which they then reject .
The body is like that of an earthworm : ringed or segmented .
Proline is an exception to this general formula .
For shelter and protection from theft , prized war mares were sometimes kept in their owner 's tent , close to children and everyday family life .
Prince Charles Edward Louis Philip Casimir Stuart ( 31 December 1720 - 31 January 1788 ) commonly known as Bonnie Prince Charlie or The Young Pretender was the second Jacobite claimaint to the thrones of England , Scotland , and Ireland .
While he orbited the Moon , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin made the first manned landing on the lunar surface .
Blessy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Alabama is the thirtieth largest state in the United States with 52,423 square miles ( 135,775 km2 ) of total area : 3.19 % of the area is water , making Alabama twenty-third in the amount of surface water , also giving it the second largest inland waterway system in the United States .
Trail Map 2007\/08ski-zermatt .
Brisingr , or The Seven Promises of Eragon Shadeslayer and Saphira Bjartskular , is the third book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini .
While the entire council is responsible for leading the federal administration of Switzerland , each Councillor heads one of the seven federal executive departments .
He left his Third Piano Concerto almost finished at his death .
If in doubt as to whether there is consensus to delete a page , administrators will normally not delete it .
The word derives from the for '' I believe '' ( because the Latin translation of the Apostles ' Creed and the Nicene Creed both begin with this word ) .
However , during the following night Grendel 's Mother arrived to avenge the death of Grendel and collect weregild . As Beowulf slept in a different building he could not stop her .
New editors and experienced Wikipedians can use subpages of their user page to develop templates and articles , test wikitext markup , and create new articles before moving them to the main Wikipedia space .
The King supports him too , and the Knight and Elsa enter the church together .
The style was popular in vaudeville and medicine shows , and was associated with Memphis ' main entertainment area , Beale Street .
Flavored condoms may be used for this purpose .
The English word '' weasel '' was originally applied to one species of the genus , the European form of the Least Weasel ( Mustela nivalis ) .
Research analyst Kalli Raptis wrote in her book Nagorno-Karabakh and the Eurasian Transport Corridor , '' In July 1918 , the First Armenian Assembly of Nagorno Karabakh declared the region self-governing and created a national Council and government .
Although they have been deposited throughout the Phanerozoic , they are most commonly associated with rocks deposited during the Permian and Triassic periods .
Anhedonia is often experienced by drug addicts following withdrawal ; in particular , stimulants like cocaine and amphetamines cause anhedonia and depression by depleting dopamine and other important neurotransmitters .
April 11 & ndash ; Frederick I , Elector of Saxony ( d. 1428 )
At about 2145 UTC on October 21 , Wilma made landfall on the island of Cozumel with winds of .
Antennae may be clavate ( flabellate and lamellate are sub-forms of clavate , or clubbed antennae ) , filiform , geniculate , moniliform , pectinate , or serrate .
In 1967 Horton partnered with investor Ron Joyce , who assumed control over operations after Tim Horton died in a car crash in 1974 , and expanded the chain into a multi-million dollar franchise .
The similarity between this show and Teletubbies , both of which have a science fiction theme , is notable .
The emblem draws on various elements of Chinese culture , depicting a traditional red Chinese seal above the words '' Beijing 2008 '' and the Olympic rings .
In other words , it is the study of government with attention to the role of citizens as opposed to external factors in the operation and oversight of government .
The distances involved may be short ( a few meters as in television remote control ) or long ( thousands or millions of kilometers for radio communications ) .
Andranik Toros Ozanian\/Antranig Toros Ozanian , Zoravar Andranik\/Zoravar Antranig , ( , ) ( February 25 , 1865 -- August 31 , 1927 ) was an Armenian general , political and public activist and freedom fighter , greatly admired as a national hero .
Whedon , a lifelong comic book fan , is the author of the Dark Horse Comics miniseries Fray which takes place in the far future of the Buffyverse .
These units were the first express 25 kV alternating current ( AC ) units to be built by British Rail , and British Rail 's first EMUs to be capable of 100 mph .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from November 26 , 1834 to March 4 , 1837 .
Originally , the award was known as the J. Louis Comiskey Memorial Award , named after the Chicago White Sox owner of the 1930s .
Members of the British Royal Family are normally admitted through this procedure ; the first to be so admitted was Prince Albert .
Esquiule ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Gualete ( D.M. )
At Cosimo 's suggestion , Galileo changed the name to Medicea Sidera ( '' the Medician stars '' ) , honoring all four Medici brothers ( Cosimo , Francesco , Carlo , and Lorenzo ) .
Regarded as one of the best defenders of his era by his peers , he was one of the first to skate with the puck up the ice rather than pass it to a forward .
Although he was little known during his lifetime , his work was a strong influence on the modernist art that followed .
Elmo was the star of the 1999 full-length , theatrically released motion picture Elmo in Grouchland . He also starred in the film Elmo Saves Christmas .
Haile Selassie 's full title in office was '' His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I , King of Kings , Lord of Lords , Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah , and Elect of God '' ( Ge'ez ; ) .
He has served as music director of the La Scala opera house in Milan , principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , music director of the Vienna State Opera , and principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra from 1989 to 2002 , when he retired from the position for health reasons .
The term businessperson almost always refers to someone with a '' white collar '' occupation .
An ad valorem tax is typically imposed at the time of a transaction ( sales tax or value added tax ( VAT ) ) but it may be imposed on an annual basis ( property tax ) or in connection with another significant event ( inheritance tax or tariffs ) .
To help compare orders of magnitude of different times this page lists times between 3.2 years and 32 years ( 108 seconds and 109 seconds ) .
Do not make analytic , synthetic , interpretive , explanatory , or evaluative claims about information found in a primary source .
The Montreal Canadiens hosted the 57th NHL All-Star Game at the Bell Centre on January 25 , 2009 , part of the Canadiens ' 100th season celebration .
She has since become one of the highest-selling New Zealand artists in recent history .
Originally Hidalgo worked closely with co-conspirator Ignacio de Allende , a noble and member of the Basque society living in San Miguel . Hidalgo originally supported naming Allende head of the revolutionary military , but the two men quickly became rivals .
In the 2001 census the town had a population of 7,700 .
Snapshots which are read-write are branching snapshots because they implicitly allow diverging versions of an LV .
It features 130 exhibitors with many rides including a Ferris wheel and bumper cars as well as lottery booths , snack booths and sit-down food locations .
Rumours that the Nazis produced soap from the bodies of concentration camp inmates circulated widely during the war .
The Book of the Dead was most commonly written on a papyrus scroll and placed in the coffin or burial chamber of the deceased .
These home-made instruments are ordinary objects adapted to or modified for making of sound , like the washtub bass , washboard , spoons , stovepipe and comb & tissue paper ( kazoo ) .
Ursa Major is a constellation visible throughout the year in most of the northern hemisphere .
Huxley was a prominent member of the British Eugenics Society , and its President from 1959 - 1962 .
Belinda belongs to the Portia Group of satellites , which also includes Bianca , Cressida , Desdemona , Portia , Juliet , Cupid , Rosalind and Perdita .
The flowers are white , bell-shaped , 3-4 mm diameter , with a five-lobed corolla , produced in racemes up to 5 cm long .
Kallon was given the nickname Small Kallon by Sierra Leonean football fans because he was the youngest of the three Kallon brothers in the national team .
