The series has been translated into more than twenty languages and the fourth volume reached the top of The New York Times bestseller lists upon its release .
A hedonistic caricature of Abu Nuwas appears in several of the Thousand and One Arabian Nights tales .
Importantly , we may never find a dead human if that claim is true , but regardless that claim is falsifiable because we can at least imagine a finding that would prove it wrong .
On 14 December 1976 , following the general elections which made the CDU/CSU the largest group in parliament , Carstens was elected president of the Bundestag .
Entropy is central to the second law of thermodynamics .
Fig trees were often planted in vineyards .
Protection can be indefinite , or expire after a specified time .
At the Reward Challenge , the team of Bruce , Courtney , Sally , and Terry won a videos from home , peanut butter & jelly sandwiches , and ice-cold milk .
The Asuka period , the second and last part of the Yamato period , ends , and the Nara period begins in Japan ; Heij - ky ( Nara ) becomes the capital of Japan .
Yangon was founded as Dagon in the 6th century AD by the Mon , who dominated Lower Burma at that time .
It was later sold to Thorn EMI in 1992 .
Nicknamed '' The King of the Kippax '' ( after Manchester City 's Kippax Street terraced stand renowned for its singing ) , and Nijinsky after the famous racehorse ( due to his renowned stamina ) , Bell is widely regarded as Manchester City 's greatest ever player .
Kim Dong-Jin ( born 29 January 1982 in Dongducheon ) is a South Korean footballer who plays left back for the FC Seoul .
It has long been replaced by photography in its commercial applications and , partly because of the difficulty of learning the technique , is much less common in printmaking , where it has been largely replaced by etching and other techniques .
Key elements of these claims are the rejection of any of the following : that the German Nazi government had a policy of deliberately targeting Jews for extermination as a people ; that more than five million Jews were systematically killed by the Nazis and their allies ; and that genocide was carried out at extermination camps using tools of mass murder , such as gas chambers .
Isonoe belongs to the Carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 Gm and at an inclination of about 165 .
The aviary was constructed in 1941 , with renovations completed in 1982 .
A general out-patient clinic is a clinic offering a community general diagnoses or treatments without an overnight stay .
The most important landmarks include : Ehrenburg , a former Franciscan convent built in 1220 and turned into a castle in 1543 -- 1549 , and renovated until the 19th century .
Lodhran ( ) is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan , located on the northern side of River Sutlej .
When a substance is heated , its particles begin moving more and thus usually maintain a greater average separation .
People with latent infections are treated to prevent them from progressing to active TB disease later in life .
The 2009 estimate for the Republic of Ireland is 4,459,300 persons .
Thomas Weelkes ( baptised 25 October 1576 & ndash ; 30 November 1623His will was dated 30 November , and he was buried on 1 December , which strongly suggests he died on 30 November .
Forecasters predicted rough surf and rip currents , prompting the Coast Guard to perform preparations in the Northeastern United States .
They had already taken a number of hostages at Faithful Creek station and went to the bank claiming to be delivering a message from McCauley , the station manager .
Acacia ( or ) is a genus of shrubs and trees belonging to the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae , first described in Africa by the Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus in 1773 .
In addition , nine charter schools and 31 private schools are located in the county .
Thomson also co-owns the RCA brand for consumer electronics products , which created the NTSC colour TV standard before Thomson became involved .
The Yamato polity evolved much during the Asuka period , which is named after the Asuka region , about 25 km south to the modern city of Nara .
The 1984 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina , which at the time was part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
A chapel is a building used as a place for fellowship and of worship for Christians .
In 2003 , the poetry award was granted for the first time .
This rule is applied in the language Occidental .
She landed several print ads and television commercials , including Mary Kate & Ashley Online Clothing , Every Girl , Stand Up , and Bratz Pretty 'n' Punk & Treasures .
In time , it became a pastime for surfers when the waves were lax .
The band 's line-up has remained mostly static during their history , the only exception being the departure of Alec John Such in 1994 , who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald .
Interested in astronomy and trying to develop a calendar , he investigated Diophantine equations .
BBC , 19 October 2007 .
His father Thomas ( d. 1892 ) worked as a stonemason and local builder .
The magnetic field at any given point is specified by both a direction and a magnitude ( or strength ) ; as such it is a vector field . The magnetic field is most commonly defined in terms of the Lorentz force it exerts on moving electric charges .
This list includes the ten tallest under construction , on hold or approved buildings in Australia .
Gelsenkirchen ( ) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
The position was formed on October 1 , 1977 with the creation of the Department of Energy when President Jimmy Carter signed the Department of Energy Organization Act .
Cookie-like hard wafers have existed for as long as baking is documented , in part because they deal with travel very well , but they were usually not sweet enough to be considered cookies by modern standards .
A paw is the soft foot of a mammal , generally a quadruped , that has claws or nails .
In jackal society the social unit is that of a monogamous pair which defends its territory from other pairs .
It follows his 1798 writings , An Essay on the Principle of Population , which describes how unchecked population growth is exponential while the growth of the food supply was expected to be arithmetical , leading to a Malthusian catastrophe .
The Civil Constitution of the Clergy , passed on 12 July 1790 , turned the remaining clergy into employees of the state .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Animal Collective consists of Avey Tare ( David Portner ) , Panda Bear ( Noah Lennox ) , Deakin ( Josh Dibb ) , and Geologist ( Brian Weitz ) .
The 7 '' single debut of the George Baker Selection was released by the label Negram , which misprinted the actual title of the song , which is '' Little Green Back ( greenback meaning money ) and '' greenback '' is the lyric actually sung .
In this section we compare Wikipedia and Wiktionary ( as a concrete example of a dictionary ) , but the principle is that Wikipedia is not a dictionary , not simply that it is not Wiktionary .
The Queen of Spades , Op .
Please check your spelling , or use the link below to create a new user account .
Later he produced a brief synopsis of the six-part film which would come , in one form or another , to be the final plan Eisenstein would settle on for his project .
-- November 16 , 1831 ) was a Prussian soldier and German military theorist who stressed the moral and political aspects of war .
It was written , ( according to the text ) , by Paul the Apostle to the Church in Colossae , a small Phrygian city near Laodicea and approximately 100 miles from Ephesus in Asia Minor .
A lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .
Its years are designated AP , short for Anno Persico .
It is abbreviated as bsh .
In cryptography , RC4 ( also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below ) is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) ( to protect Internet traffic ) and WEP ( to secure wireless networks ) .
Hauteville-Lompnes
The text Grundlagen der Geometrie ( tr . : Foundations of Geometry ) published by Hilbert in 1899 proposes a formal set , the Hilbert 's axioms , substituting the traditional axioms of Euclid .
Any religious belief system , or creed , can be considered an example of aqidah .
Marriages and children He married in 1104 : 1 ) Lucienne de Rochefort -- the marriage was annulled .
In 1963 he won the prestigious Dmitri Mitropoulos Competition for conductors , allowing him to work for five months with the New York Philharmonic .
The table below shows the ISO currency codes of former currencies and their common names ( which do not always match the ISO 4217 name ) .
Counting sometimes involves numbers other than one ; for example , when counting money , counting out change , when '' counting by twos '' ( 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 ... ) or when '' counting by fives '' ( 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 ... ) .
Ultratop 50 singles , often just Ultratop 50 , is the weekly chart of fifty best-selling singles in Flanders , Belgium , and is produced and published by the Ultratop organization .
Most resin or '' gum '' varnishes consist of a natural , plant - or insect-derived substance dissolved in a solvent , called spirit varnish or solvent varnish .
Each played a role in the history of the Servite Order that was founded in Italy around 1200AD by the seven holy founders .
The vocal folds discussed above are sometimes called ` true vocal folds ' to distinguish them from the false vocal folds .
He officiated at the wedding of Theodor Heuss ( later the first President of the Federal Republic of Germany ) on 11 April 1908 .
Leonese is present on the Internet in many on-line dictionaries , some of them , like Logos Dictionary can be consulted in hundreds of languages .
The word '' Muppet '' itself was said by Henson to have been created by combining the words '' Marionette '' and '' puppet '' .
Since electrons are fermions , the Pauli exclusion principle forbids them from occupying the same quantum state , so electrons have to '' stack '' within an atom , i.e. have different momenta while at the same place .
In 2005 , exports amounted to $ 73.5 billion while the imports stood at $ 116.8 billion , with increases of 16.3 % and 19.7 % compared to 2004 , respectively .
Clancy and his first wife Wanda married in 1969 , separated briefly in 1995 , and permanently separated in December 1996 .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
He showed musical gifts very early in life , and began composing prolifically as a child .
She famously relates to the tale of the missing sun deity , Amaterasu Omikami .
Besides Austin 's turn in the match that was needed to secure a WCW\/ECW win over the WWF , SLAM !
David Cooper , Psychiatry and Anti-Psychiatry , Paladin , London , 1967 Some now prefer the term critical psychiatry to avoid connotations that may appear oppositional merely , although the two concepts are distinct .
Alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .
Dorian realizes his wish has come true -- the portrait now bears a subtle sneer and will age with each sin he commits , whilst his own appearance remains unchanged .
Hardly anything is left of other castles and fortresses like the Small Bastei or the castle on the Falkenstein , today a climbing peak .
Among such historical treasures , Seokguram grotto , Bulguksa temple , Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village are designated as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO .
Concerts include the YCAT Wigmore Lunchtime Series and concert series at the South Bank Purcell Room and the Bridgewater Hall in Manchester .
In July of the same year , WikiLeaks released Afghan War Diary , a compilation of more than 76,900 documents about the War in Afghanistan not previously available for public review .
Events Europe March 26 -- Henry I of England 's forces defeat Norman rebels at Bourgtheroulde .
Australia defeated Sri Lanka in the final by 53 runs ( D\/L ) , in farcical light conditions , extending their undefeated run in the World Cup to 29 matches and winning three straight World Cups .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
In addition to numerous fossil species , up to sixteen extant species are currently recognized , including the domestic pig Sus scrofa or S. domesticus .
On 11 May 2009 , Karthikeyan finished sixth in his first ever Le Mans series race while driving for the Kolles Audi team in the second round of the 2009 championship held at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit in Belgium .
Roadrunner Records is an American record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal and death metal bands .
POF shows full range with new product ` POF Eye'More than 30 % space booked in advance for IDEAS 2010POF Eye The Krummlauf was a bent barrel designed for the Sturmgewehr 44 , which was used by the Germans in World War II .
Located in the Century City area of Los Angeles , just west of Beverly Hills , the studio is a subsidiary of News Corporation , the media conglomerate owned by Rupert Murdoch .
Gammer ( real name Matt Lee ) is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
Geomyoids are most noticeably characterized by the position of the infraorbital canal .
It has elongated horn-like head tufts and loose neck feathers .
His wife 's name is given as Mama Anawarkhi or Coya Anahurque .
Most scholars agree that the physical manuscript is a copy of a more ancient text , so that the dating of that ancient text is possible only based on the content .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Andrew and Manley were in the same class at school ( Liverpool Institute for Boys ) as Paul McCartneySpencer Leigh , BBC presenter , in sleeve notes to SEECD349 ( see Discography ) .
In the 1950s Anton LaVey formed a group called the Order of the Trapezoid , which later evolved into the governing body of the Church of Satan .
After another disappointing season in 2002 - 03 , the Cavaliers landed the number one draft pick in the NBA Lottery . With it , the team selected local high school phenomenon and future NBA MVP LeBron James .
Many Christians and Jews were subject to persecution , torture and death in the Roman Empire , because it was against their beliefs to worship the emperor .
For their third studio album , Our Lady Peace chose again to work with producer Arnold Lanni in Toronto .
Montenol is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Events July 17 -- Charles VI of France marries Isabeau of Bavaria August 14 -- Battle of Aljubarrota : John of Aviz defeats John I of Castile in the decisive battle of the 1383-1385 Crisis .
For much of Japanese history , Mt. Hiei has been off-limits to women .
In 1783 an Irish equivalent , The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick , was founded ; since the independence of the greater part of Ireland the Order has fallen dormant ( its last surviving knight having died in 1974 ) .
Before an item of legislation becomes law it may be known as a bill , and may be broadly referred to as '' legislation '' while it remains under consideration to distinguish it from other business .
Subversive activity is the lending of aid , comfort , and moral support to individuals , groups , or organizations that advocate the overthrow of incumbent governments by force and violence .
Key themes In addition to the interdisciplinary nature of the academic field , popular understandings of media studies encompass : journalism mass communication media influence creative industries political economy cultural sociology Most production and journalism courses incorporate media studies content , but academic institutions often establish separate departments .
The full name thus became ` Kongliga Carolinska Medico Chirurgiska Institutet ' .
He was appointed professor of composition at the Royal College of Music in 1883 ; was conductor of The Bach Choir from 1886 to 1902 ; was professor of music at Cambridge , succeeding Sir G. A. Macfarren from 1887 ; conductor of the Leeds Philharmonic Society from 1897 to 1909 , and of the Leeds Festival from 1901 to 1910 .
The British in the late 17th century wanted to build a fort near Gobindapur in order to consolidate their power over other foreign powers - namely the Dutch , the Portuguese , and the French .
No man 's land is a term for land that is not occupied or more specifically land that is under dispute between countries or areas that will not occupy it because of fear or uncertainty .
ISBN 0975295403 The Way Things Are : A living Approach to Buddhism for today 's world .
A video game of the same name was released on March 19 , 2009 for the PSP .
According to the March of Dimes , '' about 9 percent of recognised pregnancies for women aged 20 to 24 ended in miscarriage .
Tarzan is a fictional character , an archetypal feral child raised in the African jungle by the Mangani '' great apes '' ; he later returns to civilization only to largely reject it and return to the wild as a heroic adventurer .
DiBiase married his high school sweetheart Leah Nicole May on June 9 , 2009 .
It is common in countries where television is scheduled by networks with local independent affiliates , particularly in the United States .
When a switch is designed to switch significant power , the transitional state of the switch as well as the ability to stand continuous operating currents must be considered .
On August 8 , 2008 , Andreas Typaldos , CEO of Xandros , announced that Linspire would be discontinued in favor of Xandros ; Freespire would change its base code from Ubuntu to Debian ; and the Linspire brand would cease to exist .
However , the study of ticks and mites is sometimes not included in arachnology , but is called Acarology .
Ford received posthumous recognition for his gospel music contributions by adding him to the Gospel Music Association 's Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 1994 .
It is the only remaining gate of a series through which one formerly entered Berlin .
L'Atalante basin is a hypersaline brine lake at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea about west of the island of Crete .
She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work , and was given assignments from the Swedish Academy , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the royal academy Pro Patriaa and by Empress Eugenie of France .
Other popular variants include summer biathlon , which combines cross-country running with riflery , modern biathlon and biathle , which combine running with swimming .
Ferruccio Busoni was born in Empoli in Tuscany in Italy , the only child of two professional musicians .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when the vast majority tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
WiiWare
Kwajalein Atoll ( in English ; Marshallese : Kuwajleen , ) , is part of the Republic of the Marshall Islands ( RMI ) .
He is the eldest of four siblings .
He writes that when Cimabue was absent from the workshop , his young apprentice painted such a lifelike fly on the face of the painting that Cimabue was working on , that he tried several times to brush it off .
The Siemens '' Desiro UK '' family also includes units of Classes 185 , 360 , 380 , 444 and 450 .
Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth 's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time , and are separated from one another by geologic features , such as oceans , broad deserts , or high mountain ranges , that formed barriers to plant and animal migration .
and emerged a success with sales of seven million .
Carlisle is a small , rural , affluent town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
George V becomes king in Britain .
Heterodontosaurus ( meaning '' different toothed lizard '' ) is a genus of small herbivorous dinosaur with prominent canine teeth which lived in the Early Jurassic of South Africa .
His poetry is written in German and Catalan .
In June 1836 she left the White House to recuperate in Poplar Grove ( later termed Tulip Grove ) , her plantation adjacent to the Hermitage .
Marr rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in The Smiths , where he formed a prolific songwriting partnership with Morrissey .
Sealed government documents surrounding John F. Kennedy 's assassination to be released.CommonDreams.Org Article Regarding the release of the JFK documents
Preston North End are one of the founder members of the Football League .
On August 2 , 2008 , 30 Seconds to Mars won the '' Video Star '' awards for '' A Beautiful Lie '' music video at MTV Asia Awards 2008 , in Genting , Malaysia .
The most famous example of the exaggeration is the apocryphal story that artist Frederic Remington telegrammed Hearst to tell him all was quiet in Cuba and '' There will be no war . ''
Controversy Baraka 's writings have generated controversy over the years , particularly his advocacy of rape and violence towards ( at various times ) women , gay people , white people , and Jews .
Its fur is marked with rosettes similar to those of the jaguar , but the leopard 's rosettes are smaller and more densely packed , and do not usually have central spots as the jaguars do .
The company also helped develop motorcycles like Petronas FP1 .
This site is a group of three low mounds that excavations has shown were parts of a single settlement , approximately 5 hectares in size .
The characters are instead referred to by their function or role ( e.g. Minister of the Left ) , an honorific ( e.g. His Excellency ) , or their relation to other characters ( e.g. Heir Apparent ) , which may all change as the novel progresses .
E. maculatum ranges from Missouri east to the Atlantic Ocean and as far north as Ontario and Quebec south to Kentucky .
It is a fact in psychoacoustics that children can hear some high-pitched sounds that older adults can not hear , because in humans the upper limit pitch of hearing tends to become lower with age .
News Corporation 's Digital Media Group ( NDM ) , also known as News Corp. .
It was adopted on January 25 , 1839 as the final national flag of the Republic of Texas .
Kenya is the world leader in the number of solar power systems installed per capita ( but not the number of watts added ) .
Mandrake is the common name for members of the plant genus Mandragora belonging to the nightshades family ( Solanaceae ) .
Author Shere Hite notes in The Hite Report that most women achieve orgasm easily from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
Although his teams were outmatched by opponents , Robinson was respected as a disciplinarian coach , and drew the admiration of , among others , Langston University basketball player Marques Haynes , a future member of the Harlem Globetrotters .
This article is about the leader of Egypt .
Coins issued by Herod 's successors show that they dated their reigns as beginning in 4 BC .
One example of display used by some species can be found in the form of courtship , with the male usually having a striking feature that is distinguished by color , shape or size , used to attract a female .
Though ostensibly a manifestation of the traditional Roman sun god , the cult of Sol Invictus as practiced in the later Empire owed much to those of eastern deities , in particular Mithras .
Induction cooker , which uses induction heating for cooking .
Stamp acts have been enforced in many countries , including Australia , People 's Republic of China , Canada , Ireland , Malaysia , Israel , the United Kingdom and the United States of America .
The word bonsai is often used in English as an umbrella term for all miniature trees in containers or pots , but this article focuses on bonsai as defined in the Japanese tradition .
In 1967 the former area of the borough of Hartlepool was removed from the administrative county when it merged with West Hartlepool to form a new county borough of Hartlepool .
Eduard Strasburger , Walther Flemming , Heinrich von Waldeyer and the Belgian Edouard Van Beneden laid the basis for the cytology and cytogenetics of the 20th century .
Their first four albums were produced by Harry Vanda and George Young who also worked with AC\/DC .
The origin of the survey can be traced back at least early as the Domesday Book in 1086 , A. H. Halsey (/O2004/O) , A history of sociology in Britain : science , literature , and society , p. 34Geoffrey Duncan Mitchell (/O1970/O) , A new dictionary of sociology , p. 201 whilst ancient philosophers such as Confucius wrote on the importance of social roles .
The club has won numerous domestic honors and appeared in several European competitions , but they are best known for having won the final UEFA Cup in 2009 .
It is believed that Pholus originated as a Kuiper belt object .
The age distribution was 27.90 % under the age of 18 , 6.10 % from 18 to 24 , 37.10 % from 25 to 44 , 21.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.10 % who were 65 years of age or older .
Minear had another series , Drive , airing on Fox in April 2007 , however it was canceled by the network after only four episodes .
Traditional jazz enthusiasts have dismissed Bop , the 1970s jazz fusion era ( and much else ) as a period of commercial debasement of the music . According to Bruce Johnson , jazz music has always had a '' tension between jazz as a commercial music and an art form '' .
The annual formal ceremony and dinner at which the awards are presented is a major part of the film industry 's awards season , which culminates each year with the Academy Awards .
A caldera is a cauldron-like volcanic feature usually formed by the collapse of land following a volcanic eruption , such as the one at Yellowstone National Park in the US .
Mark Brandt Dayton ( born January 26 , 1947 ) is an American politician , the 40th and current Governor of the state of Minnesota .
The Louvre is one of the largest and most famous museums , housing many works of art , including the Mona Lisa ( La Joconde ) and the Venus de Milo statue .
The first three-cushion billiards tournament took place January 14 -- 31 , 1878 in St. Louis , with McCreery a participant and New Yorker Leon Magnus the winner .
A puppet state has also been described as an entity which in fact lacks independence , preserves all the external paraphernalia of independence , but in reality is only an organ of another state who has set it up and whose satellite it is .
Around 1610 , the town was taken from the Mirani rulers by the Jaskani Balochs , who held it until 1787 .
Most Hy-Vee stores are full-service supermarkets with bakeries , delicatessens , banks , florists , pharmacies , and coffee shops ( Caribou Coffee and Starbucks ) .
Climate :
The phrase '' DIT IS ONS ERNS '' ( roughly '' we are earnest ( about this ) '' , or '' this is our earnestness '' ) is emblazoned on the pathway leading up to the monument .
For the game , see : 1829 ( board game ) .
Piano trio ( piano , violin , cello )
Between 1530 and 1545 the province of Kandahar was in the possession of Mirza Kamran the brother of the Emperor Humayun .
Chosroes II The Small ( ) , the son of Tiridates III , was a member of the Arshakuni Dynasty and the king of Armenia from 330 -- 339 AD .
Uberfic is a variety of fan fiction in which the characters live in an alternative universe . The characters and events are true to the original canon but usually in a different time period , often as the ancestors , descendants or reincarnations of canon characters .
Manors varied similarly in their geographical arrangement : most did not coincide with a single village , but rather consisted of parts of two or more villages , most of the latter containing also parts of at least one other manor .
In biology , evolution is the term used to describe the way a type of living thing changes over a long period of time .
It runs in a general southwest-northeast direction from the Oklahoma border , and passes through several major Kansas cities , including Wichita , Topeka , Lawrence and Kansas City .
August 21 -- From 16:50 to 20:02 UTC , the first total solar eclipse of the 21st century for the United States , and the first visible in the continental U.S. since February 26 , 1979 , takes place .
The new School of Physical and Mathematical Sciences building houses laboratories that are designed along those at Oxford University and will be the best-equipped and most modern of laboratories among Singapore universities .
Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies , governments , groups and individuals .
Gabriel Alejandro Paletta ( born 15 February 1986 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine central defender , who plays for Parma F.C. .
Naruto defeats Gaara , and as a result , Gaara adopts Naruto 's philosophy , realizing that fighting for others yields greater strength than fighting for one 's self .
Grandville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
An infection of the tonsils is called tonsillitis .
Two bogie trams ordered in 1910 , later cancelled .
Ulster-Scots emigrated in significant numbers to the United States and all corners of the then-worldwide British Empire - Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa - and to a lesser extent to Argentina and Chile in South America .
Barbirolli became known for his ability to secure effective performances at short notice , and in the 1930s made many recordings with the LSO and London Philharmonic , accompanying concerti with leading soloists such as Fritz Kreisler , Jascha Heifetz and Arthur Rubinstein , most of which remain classics today .
It is the focal point of the vast Lake Eyre Basin and is found some 700 k north of Adelaide .
Naomi Russell , Australian gymnast
Landrethun-le-Nord is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
You could see Novaya str/O. , B.Pokrovskaya str .
Selles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A partial exception to this rule is the case of a woman who has no brothers , or whose brothers have no issue ; such a woman is called an heraldic heiress and may transmit the arms to her children as a quartering with their father 's arms , and so consequently to their descendants .
The Treaty of Trianon was the peace treaty concluded in 1920 at the end of World War I by the Allies of World War I , on one side , and Hungary , seen as a successor of Austria-Hungary , on the other .
Morse code uses a standardized sequence of short and long elements to represent the letters , numerals , punctuation and special characters of a given message .
One explanation for this name is that during the 17th century , sailors from Swansea were respected and any ` Swansea Jack ' was allowed to join the crew based simply on the town 's reputation for good sailors .
Guemps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
His germ plasm theory states that multicellular organisms consist of germ cells containing heritable information , and somatic cells that carry out ordinary bodily functions .
The Mr. Men is a series of 48 ( 46 published in English ) children 's books by Roger Hargreaves started in 1971 ; they feature characters with names such as '' Mr. Tickle '' and '' Mr. Happy '' .
The first account by a western European to mention the ancient language Sanskrit came from Filippo Sassetti ( born in Florence , Italy in 1540 ) , a merchant who traveled to the Indian subcontinent .
El Factor
Eton has traditionally been referred to as '' the chief nurse of England 's statesmen '' , and has been described as the most famous public school in the world .
Examples include the Jewish Halakha and Islamic Sharia -- both of which translate as the '' path to follow '' -- while Christian canon law also survives in some church communities .
A spoke is one of some number of rods radiating from the center of a wheel ( the hub where the axle connects ) , connecting the hub with the round traction surface .
Under this theory Atharva Veda also comes into count .
The brown tree snake preys upon birds , lizards , bats and small rodents in its native range .
Messier 's life Messier was born in Badonviller in the Lorraine region of France , being the tenth of twelve children of Francoise B. Grandblaise and Nicolas Messier , a Court usher .
The bomb was ultimately dropped on the city of Nagasaki , the secondary target , at 11:02 JST .
French journalist Franklin Loufrani registered the iconic smiley face image as a trademark in France in 1971 ( despite the undeniable proof of its much earlier existence ) , and he created '' The Smiley Licensing Corporation , Ltd. '' to sell , license , and advertise the smiley face image in the United Kingdom and Europe .
The visual system accomplishes a number of complex tasks , including the reception of light and the formation of monocular representations ; the construction of a binocular perception from a pair of two dimensional projections ; the identification and categorization of visual objects ; assessing distances to and between objects ; and guiding body movements in relation to visual objects .
Stollberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony , in the district Erzgebirgskreis .
Eventually Oates ' intricate web of accusations fell apart , leading to his arrest and conviction for perjury .
Rose Marion Tyler is a fictional character portrayed by Billie Piper in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was created by series producer Russell T Davies .
Marinus ( '' Rinus '' ) Jacobus Hendricus Michels ( 9 February 1928 -- 3 March 2005 ) was a Dutch association football player and coach .
It may also refer to the color of the blood of a living person , like crimson , although the actual color of blood ( from hemoglobin ) is different .
During the Taliban 's seven-year rule , much of the population experienced restrictions on their freedom and violations of their human rights .
According to Champion , '' ... it was really difficult to record , because it worked at about five or six different tempos .
The Marea replaced the earlier Tipo-based Fiat Tempra . While the Fiat Stilo Multiwagon is the successor of the Marea Weekend , the Fiat Linea is scheduled to replace the saloon version in 2007 .
Sight is very important for most lizards , both for locating prey and for communication , and , as such , many lizards have highly acute color vision .
However , the lines that were eventually constructed were somewhat different compared to the lines that were originally proposed by the Hong Kong Mass Transport Study .
Baker (/O1919/O) In 1872 he returned to Germany , conducting an orchestra known as the Berlin Symphony Orchestra before establishing his own Neue Berliner Symphoniekapelle in 1876 .
Her second daughter , Princess Margaret , was born there .
New Providence is a city in Hardin County , Iowa , United States .
Among the dead were the Roman Consul Lucius Aemilius Paullus , as well as two consuls for the preceding year , two quaestors , twenty-nine out of the forty-eight military tribunes and an additional eighty senators ( at a time when the Roman Senate comprised no more than 300 men , this constituted 25 % - 30 % of the governing body ) .
The result was that the experiment of operating as an '' open party '' was first undertaken in Scotland under the name of Scottish Militant Labor , standing Tommy Sheridan for election from his jail cell .
Potsherds with Tamil writing have also been found in excavations on the Red Sea , suggesting the presence of Tamil merchants there .
Mika Pohjola ( ( born December 1 , 1971 ) is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer , who resides in New York City .
Iceland Personal union with Denmark from 1918 to 1944 when the country became a republic Ireland Personal union with England from 1541 ( when the Irish Parliament proclaimed King Henry VIII of England , King of Ireland ) to 1707 ( upon the formation of Great Britain ) .
Food waste is '' any food substance , raw or cooked , which is discarded , or intended or required to be discarded '' , according to the legal definition of waste by the EU Commission .
See also Constitution of the Roman Republic Sign into law Threaten to veto References External links Regular Vetoes and Pocket Vetoes : An Overview ( report ) by Kevin R. Kosar Senate Reference Webpage on Vetoes , which includes lists of vetoes from 1789 to the current day .
In this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .
Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Hideto Inoue ( born 27 June 1982 in Ehime prefecture , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
Steve Young ( born Jon Steven Young on October 11 , 1961 in Salt Lake City , Utah ) , is a former quarterback for the Los Angeles Express of the United States Football League , the NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and the NFL 's San Francisco 49ers .
Oisy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
According to their biomechanical analysis , the skull was very strong but had a relatively small bite force .
In previous seasons , Warner had split time with the team 's younger quarterback Matt Leinart , although Warner started the final 11 games of the 2007 season after Leinart suffered a season-ending injury .
, '' You 'll come a-Waltzing Matilda , with me '' .
Because the hair on the head is normally longer than other types of body hair , it is cut with scissors or clippers . People with longer hair will most often use scissors to cut their hair , whereas shorter hair is maintained using a trimmer .
Brown University is a private university located in Providence , Rhode Island , and a member of the Ivy League .
The box is defined as having zero potential energy inside a certain region and infinite potential energy everywhere outside that region .
The cartridge contains a port of A Link to the Past and a multiplayer-only game called Four Swords .
Anywhere from 100,000 to one million inhabitants were massacred and the city was sacked and burned .
Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh ( born September 14 , 1974 in Abavo , Delta State ) is a former Nigerian footballer , who played as a midfielder .
He has received the Congressional Gold Medal from the United States Congress and the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Reagan , America 's highest civilian honors .
Edward and Bella fall in love , but James , a sadistic vampire from another vampire coven , is drawn to hunt down Bella . Edward and the other Cullens defend Bella .
Professor Tim Flannery ( born 28 January 1956 ) is an Australian mammalogist , palaeontologist , and environmental and global warming activist .
February 21 -- 28 -- U.S. President Richard M. Nixon makes an unprecedented 8-day visit to the People 's Republic of China and meets with Mao Zedong .
Fashion accessories are decorative items that supplement and complement clothes , such as jewelry , gloves , handbags , hats , belts , scarves , watches , sunglasses , pins , stockings , bow ties , leg warmers , leggings , neckties , suspenders , and tights .
Also attached to the follicle is a tiny bundle of muscle fiber called the arrector pili .
In 1991 the national park was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
She has been nominated four times for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing .
Retrieved on 2009-02-23 .
Zest is used to add flavor ( '' zest '' ) to foods .
His next Fox sitcom , Quintuplets , lasted one season .
Walden Media was founded in 2001 by Michael Flaherty and Cary Granat .
They are also used in advertising , publicity , and for branding purposes .
It has been estimated that more than one million people in the world can see today because of initiatives instigated by Hollows , the most notable example being The Fred Hollows Foundation .
Home and Away is an Australian soap opera television series that has been produced in Sydney by the Seven Network since July 1987 .
The recipient of a PayPal transfer can either request a check from PayPal , establish their own PayPal deposit account or request a transfer to their bank account .
In 1269 , they returned to Venice to meet Marco for the first time .
The season was fairly average , with 13 total storms and 6 hurricanes forming .
Also , in the 1980s , in the United States , some federal legislation was introduced for the homeless as a result of the work of Congressman Stewart B. McKinney .
Guided by Voices ' recording career began with a stream of self-financed , independent releases including Devil Between My Toes , Sandbox , Self-Inflicted Aerial Nostalgia , and Same Place The Fly Got Smashed .
The ships were intertwined for about 30 seconds .
Replacing oil with hydrogen made from non-oil resources ( pp .
In direct translation , Ilulissat is the Greenlandic word for '' the icebergs '' .
Chaturanga is played in its current form in India .
From the early 15th to the late 16th century , Songhai was one of the largest African empires in history .
Until recently , it was reported that Nightingale reduced mortality from 40 % to 2 % on the battlefield .
When the area that is today Western Hungary was a province of the Roman Empire , a city called Scarbantia stood here .
The succession is regulated by the Act of Settlement 1701 , the Royal Marriages Act 1772 and common law .
He was born in Croydon , South London , educated at Whitgift School , where his father Bob was head of swimming , and studied Law and German at the University of Bristol .
Prior to 2005 , she was a secondary school student .
Athens is a city in Limestone County , Alabama , United States .
Malay is a major language of the Austronesian family .
The San Gabriel Mountains are located in northern Los Angeles County and western San Bernardino County , California , United States .
As captain , he led them to three League titles in four seasons , plus two Scottish League Cups .
Le Mali ( popularly known as Pour l'Afrique et pour toi , Mali & ndash ; French : For Africa and for you , Mali or A ton appel Mali & ndash ; French : At your call , Mali ) is the national anthem of Mali .
She had to defend her views and she was told she would die .
In the case of musicals , the music , the lyrics , and the '' book '' ( i.e. , the spoken dialogue and the stage directions ) may each have their own author .
According to one FAO document , juniper berries are the only spice derived from conifers , Chapter 8 : Seeds , Fruits , and Cones .
During the autumn of that year he left Duckworth and took a job as a script writer at the Warner Brothers Studio in Teddington .
The conference was formed from the remnant football schools of the old Missouri Valley when it stopped sponsoring its hybrid I-A\/I-AA football league in 1985 .
The claim is formally recognized by only four states , each of which also has a claim over part of the Antarctic .
The cosmic-radiation dose rate on airplanes is so high that , according to the United Nations UNSCEAR 2000 Report ( see links at bottom ) , airline flight crew workers receive more dose on average than any other worker , including those in nuclear power plants .
The race will start in Scunthorpe and finish in London .
The national language , Danish , is closely related to Swedish and Norwegian , with which it shares strong cultural and historical ties .
The Lady Penrhyn was a First Fleet transport ship of 338 tons , built on the River Thames in 1786 .
The members of this group are known as catnip or catmint because of their famous effect on cats -- nepeta pleasantly stimulates cats ' pheromonic receptors , typically resulting in temporary euphoria .
In computing , an office suite , sometimes called an office software suite or productivity suite is a collection of programs intended to be used by typical clerical workers and knowledge workers .
Dreamboat Annie Live , DVD interview 2007 .
Even the Sultan and his family were permitted entrance only once a year , on the 15th day of Ramadan , during the time when the palace was a residence .
Of his personal life nothing is known , although he was a contemporary of Aristotle and his works seem to have been completed in Athens within the years 335 BC and 300 BC .
The Ottomans capture Philippopolis and Adrianopole ( now the city of Edirne ) from the Byzantine Empire , reducing it to the city of Constantinople .
Pasteurization is not intended to destroy all pathogenic micro-organisms in the food or liquid .
There is also a regularly-erupting geyser named Old Faithful near Calistoga , California .
Tripoli ( - also Meaning Western Tripoli to distinguish it from Tripoli , Lebanon Libyan vernacular : ; derived from '' '' ; the Greek word for '' three cities '' in Greek : ) is the largest city and capital of Libya .
However , the song eventually became the biggest hit of all participating songs in Melodifestivalen 2003 .
The term describes various Christian denominations ( for example , Eastern Orthodox , Anglicanism , and the many varieties of Protestantism ) .
Ball 1 : v = 8.5 m\/s Ball 2 : v = 1.5 m\/s
During that same year , the Greek cities in Sicily were induced to revolt against Roman political control , while the Macedonian king , Philip V , pledged his support to Hannibal - thus initiating the First Macedonian War against Rome .
Companies producing for export extract US$ 13 million worth of ephedrine from 30,000 tons of ephedra annually , 10 times the amount that is used in traditional Chinese medicine .
Known as the Scratch Cat Pokémon , it spends most of the daytime sleeping and prowls the city streets at night .
Carme ( the largest , which gives its name to the group )
Claudia Schiffer ( born 25 August 1970 ) is a German model and occasional actress , who reached the peak of her popularity during the 1990s , initially due to her resemblance to Brigitte Bardot .
Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo ( 23 July 1886 , Corunna , Spain - 14 December 1978 , Locarno , Switzerland ) was a Spanish diplomat , writer , historian and pacifist .
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack and Northampton counties in the U.S. state of Virginia .
The team then travels to New Orleans where they are stationed .
The following year he married Elizabeth Sandham , from a wealthy local family .
After Buffy switched networks in 2001 , Angel aired in a number of different time slots .
It is the second of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
However , this title too did not last , being informally changed by Richard Seddon to '' Prime Minister '' in 1901 during his tenure in office .
Science Hub The Science Hub , housed in Administrative Block 2 and the Science Block , comprises facilities for scientific research .
July 7 & ndash ; Battle of Chirokitia
In 2003 , Takahashi replaced Mari Yaguchi in the Morning Musume spinoff group Mini Moni , first appearing in the group 's movie ' and its accompanying soundtrack .
The Korean War ( 1950 -- 1953 ) was a military conflict between the Republic of Korea , supported by the United Nations , and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , with air support from the Soviet Union .
The Saints ' Way ( ) is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
Michael Shayne Graham ( born December 9 , 1977 in Radford , Virginia ) is an American football placekicker for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
If an asymmetric key cipher with the public\/private key property , both will need the other 's public key .
He and his wife , Catherine '' Kate '' Raboteau Page bought surrounding the railroad junction in 1854 and named his development Cary after Samuel Fenton Cary ( a former Ohio congressman and prohibitionist he admired ) .
He was educated at Lancing College and went on to study music at Keble College , Oxford , serving as organist at Hertford College , but left without taking his degree .
In 1937 , the rebuilding of Waterloo Bridge required the diversion of the side entrance to the tramway to a new position centrally underneath the bridge , which opened on 21 November of that year .
US President Herbert Hoover did not attend the Games , becoming the first sitting head of government not to appear at an Olympics hosted in that country .
Plasmids can be found in all three major domains : Archea , Bacteria and Eukarya .
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games is a collection of twenty-four events based on the Olympic Games .
For example , a sic may show that an uncommon or archaic usage is reported faithfully , such as when quoting the U.S. Constitution : '' The House of Representatives shall chuse ( sic ) their Speaker ... '' However , various writing guidebooks discourage its use with regard to dialect such as exemplified in American and British English spelling differences .
The Fire Brigades Union ( FBU ) is a trade union in the United Kingdom for wholetime Firefighters ( including Officers up to Chief Fire Officer\/Firemaster ) , Retained Duty System ( RDS -- part time ) and Emergency Control Room staff .
Selhurst Park is a British football stadium located in the London suburb of South Norwood in the Borough of Croydon .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum ( or in some cases , the difference ) of their values .
Affair ,
The album Charted at # 58 on the Billboard 200 .
Seven volumes in length , it was composed by Buddhist priest Jien of the Tendai sect c. 1220 .
The date and location of the first Thanksgiving celebration is a topic of modest contention .
Ryosuke Matsuoka is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
On November 26 , 1917 , representatives of the Ottawa , Quebec and Montreal NHA clubs met at the Windsor Hotel in Montreal .
( Stress Remix ) ( featuring Ghostface Killah , Tyga , and Patrick Stump from Fall Out Boy ) & ndash ; 4:32
Ice cube trays are designed to be filled with water , then placed in a freezer until the water freezes to ice , producing ice cubes .
Environmentalism can also be seen as a social movement that seeks to influence the political process by lobbying , activism , and education in order to protect natural resources and ecosystems .
Some composers of this type of serenade include Alessandro Stradella , Alessandro Scarlatti , Johann Joseph Fux , Johann Mattheson , and Antonio Caldara .
In ecology the word describes how biological systems remain diverse and productive over time .
It is bounded by the Wakhan Corridor ( Afghanistan ) to the north ; Xinjiang ( China ) to the northeast and east ; Skardu , Astore and Diamer to the south ; and Ghizar District to the west .
Adam explains that he had been paid by Tapp to trail and photograph Lawrence and shows him a pile of pictures that he found with the hacksaws .
Tropical Depression Ten was the tenth tropical cyclone of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
Theories propounded at the time linked him with the princely House of Baden .
Camogie is an Irish stick-and-ball team sport played by women ; it is almost identical to the game of hurling played by men .
In the November 2006 issue of National Geographic magazine , marine biologist Greg Rouse is reported as investigating the DNA variation of the two seadragon species across their ranges .
Washington National Cathedral , whose official name is the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul , is a cathedral of the Episcopal Church .
In 2008 , Rolling Stone cited this as number 60 on its list of 100 greatest '' guitar songs '' of all time .
In 1556 he joined the court of Duke Albrecht V of Bavaria , who was consciously attempting to create a musical establishment on a par with the major courts in Italy ; Lassus was one of several Netherlanders to work there , and by far the most famous .
Scranton was incorporated as a city of 35,000 in 1866 in Luzerne County when the surrounding boroughs of Hyde Park ( now part of the city 's West Side ) and Providence ( now part of North Scranton ) were merged with Scranton .
Indianapolis is home to several major sports teams and athletic events including the NFL 's Indianapolis Colts , the NBA 's Indiana Pacers , and the Indianapolis 500 and Brickyard 400 motorsports races .
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill ( UNC , North Carolina , or simply Carolina ) is a public research university located in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , United States .
It is commonly observed near microbursts and downbursts caused by thunderstorms , fronts , areas of locally higher low level winds referred to as low level jets , near mountains , radiation inversions that occur due to clear skies and calm winds , buildings , wind turbines , and sailboats .
Slices from the back of the pig are referred to as back bacon or back rashers .
Alexander Agricola , Flemish composer ( d. 1506 )
Due to the long , narrow build , they are sometimes referred to as a wiener dog or a sausage dog .
James Joner purchased in 1764 and laid out the town of Dover .
Japanese terrestrial television is in the process of switching entirely to digital UHF , with all analog television ( both VHF and UHF ) planned to shut down in 2011 .
Gifhorn ( ) is a district in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Hume was born at Seven Hills ( his father 's property ) near Parramatta , a settlement close to ( and now a suburb of ) Sydney .
The contemporary Christian right became increasingly vocal and organized in reaction to a series of United States Supreme Court decisions ( notably Bob Jones University v. Simon and Bob Jones University v. United States ) and also engaged in battles over pornography , obscenity , abortion , state sanctioned prayer in public schools , textbook contents ( concerning evolution vs. creationism ) , homosexuality , and sexual education .
A beak , similar in shape to a parrot 's beak , is the only hard part of their body .
Tourism plays a big part in the Corsican economy .
David Wayne Toms ( born January 4 , 1967 ) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour .
Heinlein graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis in 1929 , and served as an officer in the United States Navy .
The middle part has bristles along its sides and also pairs of feathery gills .
Wiley expanded the well in the hope of attracting business to his remote desert store ; it was maintained by local ranchers and cattlemen for years afterward .
Career Joshua Bell made his Carnegie Hall debut in 1985 with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra .
at :1994 shift : ( $ dx , $ up ) text : Sonic the Hedgehog 3 ~ Sonic & Knuckles
Barbirolli conducted the orchestra for 25 years in many cities , including at the Cheltenham Festival , where he premiered many new works .
In 2000 , the Hardy Boyz found a new manager in their real-life friend Lita .
If the election were to occur now , the result would be extremely doubtful , and although most of our discreet friends are sanguine of the result , my impression is , the chances would be against us .
Vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d. , but the documents are not clear .
Each year , the Sovereign resides at the Palace of Holyroodhouse for a week in June or July ; during the visit , a service for the Order is held .
Morse began putting together the Steve Morse Band , a trio with Jerry Peek ( bass ) and Doug Morgan ( drums ) .
Dosches is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The harmonica , also called harp , French harp , blues harp , and mouth organ , is a free reed wind instrument used primarily in blues and American folk music , jazz , country music , and rock and roll .
Druillat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It is a report on a qualitative study in which Moody interviewed 150 people who had undergone near-death experiences ( NDEs ) .
Etymology The name '' buckwheat '' or '' beech wheat '' comes from its triangular seeds , which resemble the much larger seeds of the beech nut from the beech tree , and the fact that it is used like wheat .
Multiple chambers allowed for guaranteed representation of different social classes ( as in the Parliament of the United Kingdom or the French States-General ) , ethnic or regional interests , or subunits of a federation .
Curt Stern ( August 30 , 1902 & ndash ; October 23 , 1981 ) was a German-born American geneticist .
They are slow-growing evergreen shrubs or short trees , from tall , with sparse branches , sometimes bearing small thorns .
The World Meteorological Organization retired two names in the spring of 1980 : David and Frederic .
Sixty-one is the sum of two squares , 52 + 62 , and it is also a centered square number , a centered hexagonal number and a centered decagonal number .
Buxton is a spa town in Derbyshire , England .
Bonnie restrengthened to a minimal hurricane , but weakened as it headed rapidly to the northeast . Bonnie became extratropical on August 30 while about 240 miles ( 440 km ) south-southeast of Newfoundland .
In December 2003 , music director Paul Daniel announced that he would resign from ENO at the end of his contract in 2005 .
Mulder is also quick to lose control of his temper and his senses when Scully is involved ; he has on more than one occasion drawn or referred to his firearm in an unprofessional manner and become violent in his grief .
It was intended as a direct competitor for the large United States fourth generation fighters , with long 3,530 km range , heavy armament , sophisticated avionics and high agility .
Alzonne is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
With an area of more than , Sahara Desert - Britannica Online Encyclopedia it is the world 's 9th largest subtropical desert .
His Shakespeare opera , A Midsummer Night 's Dream , followed in 1960 .
Even if it enjoyed an economic revival during the 1930s , after WWII it suffered because of the border changes and , throughout the Cold War , Trieste has been a peripheral city of western Europe .
See Terminal ballistics and\/or Stopping power for an overview of how bullet design affects what happens when a bullet impacts with an object .
Without the restriction of a roof , the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as as compared to WrestleMania 23 's height of .
Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui ( or Pachacutec ) was the ninth Sapa Inca ( 1438-1471\/1472 ) of the Kingdom of Cusco , which he transformed into the empire Tawantinsuyu , or the Inca Empire .
A monster truck is a pickup truck , typically styled after pickup trucks ' bodies , modified or purposely built with extremely large wheels and suspension .
Retrieved 2008-08-23 A lyric poem is one that expresses a subjective , personal point of view .
Its county seat is Tavares .
Banca Monte Dei Paschi Di Siena , the world 's oldest surviving bank , is founded .
The series has hosted its rounds since , with the exception of the 2004 closure , the circuit became the first to take place on an international level racetrack and the first of the three to take place on an F1 circuit .
Wealth can be categorized into three principal categories : personal property , including homes or automobiles ; monetary savings , such as the accumulation of past income ; and the capital wealth of income producing assets , including real estate , stocks , and bonds .
On May 5 , 2006 , Prudius had his first untelevised WWE match as a babyface during a house show in San Jose , California , defeating Rob Conway .
Dennis Lynn Rader ( born March 9 , 1945 ) is an American serial killer who murdered 10 people in Sedgwick County ( in and around Wichita , Kansas ) , between 1974 and 1991 .
It was initially titled Atticus , but Lee renamed it to reflect a story that went beyond a character portrait .
In May 1992 , Davis was appointed CBE and in January 1999 , he was appointed Knight Bachelor in the New Year Honours List .
The Oort cloud is thought to comprise two separate regions : a spherical outer Oort cloud and a disc-shaped inner Oort cloud , or Hills cloud . Objects in the Oort cloud are largely composed of ices , such as water , ammonia , and methane .
The penetrating partner positions themselves between the receiving partner 's legs .
Mettet is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
The construction of the earliest earthwork sites in Britain began during the early Neolithic ( c. 4400 BC -- 3300 BC ) in the form of long barrows used for communal burial and the first causewayed enclosures , sites which have parallels on the continent .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
Notrium is a freeware video game for Microsoft Windows .
A second competition of five comedic playwrights followed , and the winners of both competitions were chosen by a panel of judges .
It plays a pivotal role in analytic number theory and has applications in physics , probability theory , and applied statistics .
Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .
The club are currently the only amateur club in the Scottish League ; their amateur status is reflected by their motto , Ludere Causa Ludendi - to play for the sake of playing .
Typically clocks are adjusted forward one hour near the start of spring and are adjusted backward in autumn .
Called '' The Pop ( ulist ) album of the Year '' by Op Magazine : The Lost Music network , the record received much critical acclaim and was even a Billboard magazine '' Recommended LP '' when reviewed in the October 2 , 1982 issue .
Lensky renounces his friendship with Onegin in front of all the guests , and challenges Onegin to a duel , which the latter is forced , with many misgivings , to accept .
He has been inducted into both the Canadian Music Hall of Fame and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame and is also a Companion of the Order of Canada , the nation 's highest civilian honour .
From 1997 to 2001 , Buzek was a coalition Prime Minister of Poland .
The FIA Super Licence is a qualification allowing the licence holder to take part in Formula One Grands Prix as a driver .
The nationality that appears on the racing licence is the same one that appears on the driver 's passport .
Mineral definition and classification To be classified as a true mineral , a substance must be a solid and have a crystalline structure .
The arena substructure was partly excavated in 1810 - 1814 and 1874 and was fully exposed under Benito Mussolini in the 1930s .
The orchestra 's home for the first part of its history was the Free Trade Hall .
Robert Graeme Pollock , known as Graeme , ( born 27 February 1944 in Durban , Natal , South Africa ) is a former cricketer .
Michelle McManus ( born 8 May 1980 , Glasgow ) is a Scottish singer , actress and television personality , who won the second series of Pop Idol in 2003 .
Released in 1978 , The Steve Miller Band 's Greatest Hits 1974-1978 has sold over 13 million copies and Miller continues to perform successful sold-out concert performances .
The Eastman School of Music ( also known more simply as The Eastman School , Eastman , or ESM ) is a music conservatory located in Rochester , New York , United States .
Anti-whaling countries and environmental groups contend that those stocks remain vulnerable and that whaling is immoral , unsustainable , and should remain banned permanently .
Margot Honecker served for more than 20 years as the GDR Minister for People 's Education .
As it rose , the corals could then grow higher on the hills of the coastal plain .
The modern Coast Guard can be said to date to 1915 , when the Revenue Cutter Service merged with the United States Life-Saving Service and Congress formalized the existence of the new organization .
Book Review : Irreducible Mind The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease , Volume 196 , Number 4 , April 2008 , pp .
Mars has four known co-orbital asteroids ( 5261 Eureka , , , and , all at the Lagrangian points ) , and Jupiter has many ( more than 1000 known objects , the Trojan asteroids ) ; there are also other small co-orbital moons in the Saturnian system : Telesto and Calypso with Tethys , and Helene and Polydeuces with Dione .
The state of Tasmania consists of the island of Tasmania and surrounding islands , and in addition there are 6 island territories , known as external territories , and a claim to a territory in Antarctica .
He wanted the men and women who attended his college to be able to get jobs and '' raise the standard of living among their people '' .
He studied law and political science in Halle , in Lausanne and as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University .
Current WHO phase of pandemic alert World Health Organization 2009
Although the album was completed in the spring of 1991 , it was not released until 1992 .
River Park Drive was paved in 1899 , but the Broadway entrance remained unfinished until 1914 .
The hotel has its own railway platform as part of Grand Central Terminal , used by Franklin D. Roosevelt , James Farley , Adlai Stevenson , and Douglas MacArthur , among others .
Apparently the Greek playwrights never used more than three actors based on what is known about Greek theater .
District Government Abbottabad .
As the prevalence of H. pylori-caused ulceration declines in the Western world due to increased medical treatment , a greater proportion of ulcers will be due to increasing NSAID use among individuals with pain syndromes as well as the growth of aging populations that develop arthritis .
Medusa is another word for jellyfish , and as such is used to refer specifically to the adult stage of the life cycle .
The town after which it is named -- Berwick-upon-Tweed -- was lost by Scotland to England in 1482 .
This period spanned the years from February 1261 to February 1264 .
George Fitzgerald Smoot III ( born February 20 , 1945 ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
The London Borough of Bexley lies to the south east of Greater London , one of those boroughs referred to as Outer London . It has common borders with the London Borough of Bromley to the south , the London Borough of Greenwich to the west and the River Thames is the northern boundary with the London Borough of Havering and the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham .
Together with stratigraphic principles , radiometric dating methods are used in geochronology to establish the geological time scale .
This was the foundation of Porno Graffitti .
The track was the second music video to be released by the band , although as with their previous single , Through the Fire and Flames , the song is edited to reduce the running time to around 5 minutes compared to the album version of nearly 8 minutes .
Security : Since public computers can have password-stealing trojans or keyloggers installed , users may register an alternative account to prevent the hijacking of their main accounts .
Allen Park , Michigan , U.S.
Directed by David R. Ellis , the film features the three animals from the first film , Shadow the Golden Retriever ( voiced by Ralph Waite ) , Sassy the Himalayan cat ( Sally Field ) , and Chance the American Bulldog ( Michael J. Fox ) .
Characteristics The original motto of the International Committee of the Red Cross was Inter Arma Caritas ( '' Amidst War , Charity '' ) .
On December 7 , 1849 , Prince Friedrich Wilhelm Konstantin sold the country to his relative , King Frederick William IV of Prussia .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
On March 10 , 2005 , Viacom and WWE decided not to go on with the agreement with Spike TV , making it so Raw and other WWE programs on the network would cease when their deal expired in September 2005 .
WPXI is the NBC-affiliated television station for Western Pennsylvania that is licensed to Pittsburgh .
Kapelle derives from the Latin word capella .
A graph structure can be extended by assigning a weight to each edge of the graph .
Lisores is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
They are a member of the South Division of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Nuclear weapons delivery- the technology and systems used to bring a nuclear weapon to its target- is an important aspect of nuclear weapons relating both to nuclear weapon design and nuclear strategy .
It is positioned between the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean .
A solstice is an astronomical event that happens twice each year when the Sun 's apparent position in the sky reaches its northernmost or southernmost extremes .
Destroyer is the fourth studio album and fifth album overall by hard rock band Kiss , released on March 15 , 1976 in the United States .
Ancient Greek is the historical stage in the development of the Greek language spanning the Archaic ( c. 9th -- 6th centuries BC ) , Classical ( c. 5th -- 4th centuries BC ) , and Hellenistic ( c. 3rd century BC -- 6th century AD ) periods of ancient Greece and the ancient world .
After a divorce , she married Tonight Show drummer Ed Shaughnessy in 1963 and had two sons , James and Daniel .
The Mediterranean Sea is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean surrounded by the Mediterranean region and almost completely enclosed by land : on the north by Anatolia and Europe , on the south by Africa , and on the east by the Levant .
It is the custom to reward Wikipedia contributors for hard work and due diligence by awarding them a barnstar .
Bruno Kreisky ( January 22 , 1911 July 29 , 1990 ) was an Austrian politician who served as Chancellor of his country from 1970 to 1983 .
Cyma Zarghami is an Iranian-American cable television executive currently serving as the president of Nickelodeon and MTV Networks ' Kids & Family Group .
Roe consumed within the UK is generally soft roe as opposed to hard roe .
Often tell-tales , small pieces of yarn , are attached to the sail .
Debt consolidation entails taking out one loan to pay off many others .
St. Barts has long been considered a playground of the rich and famous and is known for its beautiful pristine beaches , gourmet dining in chic bistros and high-end designer shopping .
The core provision , section 1 , stated that '' the Greater London Council ; and the metropolitan county councils '' shall cease to exist .
After his racing career Lightning Bar went on to become a show horse , earning 18 open halter points with the AQHA , and an AQHA Champion award in 1955 .
They are known from Brazil ( Saturnalia and Unaysaurus ) , Madagascar ( recently discovered ) , and Morocco ( Azendohsaurus ) .
Hera banned Leto from giving birth on '' terra firma '' , the mainland , any island at sea , or any place under the sunHyginus , Fabulae 140 ) .
It is the most well-known version of the M \* A \* S \* H works .
The Pakenham line branches from the Lilydale line at Richmond and shares four tracks with the Frankston line to Caulfield , running next to the Sandringham line as far as South Yarra .
Hindko however , is the predominant language and is spoken mostly in the west and southwest towards the border with Muzzafarrabad and NWFP .
Originally , Fey '' struggled '' at SNL .
Denmark is credited as co-developer of the pertussis ( whooping cough ) vaccine in the 1920s and 1930s .
The 1980s witnessed home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer .
ATV is a nationwide TV channel in Turkey , founded in 1993 .
Sheffield United Football Club is a professional English football club based in the city of Sheffield , South Yorkshire .
Presles-et-Boves is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Senonnes is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Audio drama Martha also appears in a BBC Radio 4 Torchwood drama , '' Lost Souls '' which aired in Summer 2008 as an Afternoon Play featuring the voices of the Torchwood cast and Freema Agyeman .
Jambul is also known as Jaam\/Kalojaam , Jamun , Nerale Hannu , Njaval , Neredupandu , Jamblang , Jambolan , Jambula , Black Plum , Damson Plum , Duhat Plum , Jambolan Plum , Java Plum or Portuguese Plum .
The law expresses that energy can be transformed , i.e. changed from one form to another , but can not be created or destroyed .
It may be used as bedding and food for small animals , but this often leads to injuries to mouth , nose and eyes as straw is quite sharp .
The ice cap covers an area of about , feeding many outlet glaciers .
Originally he was a mathematics professor , teaching at the University of Lausanne .
The district is named after Mir Jafar Khan Jamali , a Muslim League veteran from Balochistan and a close friend of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah .
Vendlincourt is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
He was a son of Robert the Strong , count of Anjou , and is sometimes referred to as duke of France and also as count of Paris .
The half-hour long show premiered on July 21 , 1996 , and was hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 1998 .
Lovins worked professionally as an environmentalist in the 1970s and since then as an analyst of and advocate for a '' soft energy path '' for the United States and other nations .
Its county seat is Moore Haven , Florida .
A chaplain is typically a priest , pastor , ordained deacon , rabbi , imam , other member of the clergy , or another representative of a faith or belief , serving a group of people who are not organized as a mission or church , or who are unable to attend religious services for various reasons , such as health , confinement , or military or civil duties .
The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit , made his way to the ring , and stated that he would be challenging the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
The resulting album , Badmotorfinger , was released on October 8 , 1991 .
Jien records that Suizei was one of the sons of Emperor Jimmu , and that he ruled from the palace of Takaoka-no-miya at Katsuragi in what will come to be known as Yamato province .
During this time , it weakened dramatically and was only a tropical storm when it made landfall in Belize .
The state itself encompassed only a small territory , including Mahabad , and the market towns of Piranshahr , Sardasht , Bukan , Naqada and Ushnaviya .
(/O2007/O) summarized the molecular and morphological data to date and proposed the following taxonomy :
According to the Plain English Campaign , the symbol appears on over 18,300 documents worldwide .
The present Head Master , Anthony Little MA , is a member of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference and the school is a member of the Eton Group of independent schools in the United Kingdom .
Her racquets are provided by Babolat .
Bruce Lorne Campbell ( born June 22 , 1958 ) is an American actor , producer , writer , and director .
More commonly , other herbs had been used , such as stinging nettle and henbane .
Bellucci started modelling at 16 , when she was attending the Liceo classico .
A new version of the set , the new Lego Mindstorms NXT 2.0 , was announced in January 2009 , featuring a color sensor and other upgraded capabilities .
Wood Dale is a city in DuPage County , Illinois , United States .
The concept of a protein mosaic that dynamically coordinated cytoplasmic biochemistry was proposed by Rudolph Peters in 1929 while the term ( cytosquelette , in French ) was first introduced by French embryologist Paul Wintrebert in 1931 .
Located east-northeast of Charing Cross , it is one of the locally important district centres identified in the London Plan , and comprises a number of shopping streets and a large residential area .
Landouzy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The elder Claesson died on January 4 , 2008 in Stockholm .
Switzer resurfaced in coaching in 1994 with the Dallas Cowboys .
Yerevan 's manufactures include chemicals , primary metals , machinery , rubber products , plastics , textiles , alcoholic beverages and processed food .
The freeways connecting Al Ain , Abu Dhabi and Dubai form a geographic triangle in the center of the country , each city roughly 150 kilometers from the other two .
Radiometric Dating and the Geological Time Scale : Circular Reasoning or Reliable Tools ?
is a municipality and the capital city of the province of Overijssel , Netherlands , 120 kilometers northeast of Amsterdam .
If any elements of the database schema are dropped then the database schema is not ideal .
The name is dervived from Greek : sarx = flesh and kystis = bladder .
Now it is in its 37th printing and has sold over one million copies .
It is predated in the 2nd millennium BC by Mycenaean Greek .
Based in Boston , Massachusetts , it employs over 45,000 people in more than 900 locations throughout the world .
At one of the celebrated Gewandhaus concerts he played his third piano concerto , which was received enthusiastically .
The latest game in the series , Wizardry 8 , is available only for Microsoft Windows .
Browneyed Soul ( , also written Brown Eyed Soul ) is a Korean RnB group who released their debut album , Soul Free , in September , 2003 .
The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning '' red people '' , and is known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State .
Nome ( Inupiaq : Sitnasuaq ) is a city in the Nome Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska , located on the southern Seward Peninsula coast on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea .
, Ando is ranked 4th in the world by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) .
They were the first American ice dance team since 1976 , the first year ice dancing was contested at the Olympics , to win an Olympic medal .
The band came up with the name by flicking through the Bible and picking out a random word .
Music was a part of her life at an early age ; by five she was singing every weekend in her family 's band .
The astringent score is marked by some haunting soundscapes of ` ambiguous Venice ' .
Since water does not usually go up to the surface of the sand , the sand on top appears solid and can support leaves and other small debris , making quicksand difficult to distinguish from the surrounding environment .
Daigo Kobayashi ( born February 19 , 1983 in Fuji , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who last played for Shimizu S-Pulse .
The written protohistory of Scotland began with the arrival of the Roman Empire in southern and central Great Britain , when the Romans occupied what is now England and Wales , administering it as a province called Britannia .
Douglas Edward Alexander Gustafsson McIntosh ( born 31 January 1977 in Philadelphia , U.S. ) is a Swedish football goalkeeper .
Graettinger is a city in Palo Alto County , Iowa , United States .
The album was released in January , 1983 and featured the hit singles '' Straight from the Heart '' , '' This Time '' and '' Cuts Like a Knife '' .
Overview The Cardinals are the oldest professional American football club in the United States .
The European Capital of Culture is a city designated by the European Union for a period of one calendar year during which it organises a series of cultural events with a strong European dimension .
During the late 1970s , the 1980s and early 1990s , New York City had a higher crime rate than it does todayNew York Crime Rates 1960 - 2007 .
Surface temperatures range from about 90 to 700 K , with the subsolar point being the hottest and the bottoms of craters near the poles being the coldest .
Later that year they released their second album Revolutions per Minute which was greeted with warm success .
Gemlik is a harbor town bordering the Sea of Marmara in Western Turkey , at approximately 29 kilometres from Bursa and not far from Istanbul .
Darth Maul is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe and a main villain in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace .
SmackDown General Manager Theodore Long made a Battle Royal for the vacant title .
The song is influenced by 1970s funk and contains limited elements of 1980s go-go , with sound that closely resembles live music .
Worldwide The world 's busiest passenger station , in terms of daily passenger throughput , is Shinjuku Station in Tokyo , Japan .
After a short break , SM Entertainment announced that the group would be back with a new mini-album sporting a '' Marine Girl '' concept . The new single was to be titled Tell Me Your Wish ( Genie ) ( , literally '' Tell Me Your Wish '' ) ; with the full mini album being released digitally on June 22 , 2009 .
The speaker moves in accordance with the variations of an electrical signal and causes sound waves to propagate through a medium such as air or water .
Ashley Marie Massaro ( born May 26 , 1979 ) is an American model and inactive professional wrestler best known for her work with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) and her appearance on ' .
The Chinese invent toilet paper for use by their emperors .
Paramount is the last major film studio located in Hollywood proper .
His books include : A glossary of terms used in parapsychology (/O2003/O) , The common thread between ESP and PK (/O2004/O) , and Parapsychology in the Twenty-First Century : Essays on the future of Psychical Research (/O2005/O) .
The riot resulted in almost 279 injuries to police and 45 injuries to members of the public ; over a hundred vehicles were burned , including 56 police vehicles ; and almost 150 buildings were damaged , with thirty burned .
The excretory duct of seminal gland opens into the vas deferens as it enters the prostate gland .
Peridot is one of the few gemstones that occur in only one color : basically an olive green .
Santo Domingo Este was created as municipality in 2001 by law 163-01 splitting the Santo Domingo province from the Distrito Nacional .
Aue-Schwarzenberg is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Judd Apatow ( born December 6 , 1967 ) is an Emmy Award-winning American film producer , screenwriter , director and former stand-up comedian .
NOTE : Describing the PRC 's \* GOVERNMENT TYPE \* has been a contentious issue .
For an international topic , use the form of English that the original author used .
He conducted premieres such as the full seven-movement version of Brahms 's German Requiem ( 1869 ) .
He is a New Zealand actor , director and writer , mostly on stage and television .
During the 1890s Albéniz lived in London and Paris and wrote mainly theatrical works , especially a projected trilogy of Arthurian operas commissioned , and supplied with libretti by , the wealthy Francis Money-Coutts , 5th Baron Latymer .
Workers with the ability to reproduce are called '' gamergates '' and colonies that lack queens are then called gamergate colonies ; colonies with queens are said to be queen-right .
He played a total of 116 games scoring 18 goals whilst at Dean Court , and also became captain .
His ideas were not taken up due to technical limitations and , according to proponents of his method , because of opposition from the champions of conventional fertilisers .
The most well known examples are the oranges , lemons , grapefruit and limes .
Tegan was the longest-serving companion in terms of continuous years on the series ( 3 years , 1 month ) , closely followed by Sarah Jane Smith ( whom Tegan briefly meets in the serial The Five Doctors ) . Jamie McCrimmon was in more episodes and serials than Tegan , while Rose Tyler was in more serials , but not as many episodes .
The Wall Live 1980 -- 81 Released : 23 March 2000 ( Europe ) , 18 April 2000 ( USA ) Label : EMI , Columbia Format : cassette , CD 15 -- 3 7 8 3 2 4 2 4 50 3 19 UK : SilverUS : Platinum '' -- '' denotes releases that did not chart or were n't released in that country .
Their third album , Motion in the Ocean , was released on 6 November 2006 and charted at # 6 in the UK .
January 12 & ndash ; Sir Robert Inglis , Bt , English politician ( d. 1855 )
They have two children : Jayden Will , born in 2004 in Hammersmith and Fulham , London , Births England and Wales 1984-2006 ; and Renee , born in June 2008 .
A ferry is a form of transport , usually a boat or ship , used to carry ( or ferry ) passengers and their vehicles across a body of water .
As a result , he has been described as '' one of the world 's most influential thinkers '' and was granted a $ 250,000 '' genius award '' by the MacArthur Foundation in 1986 .
The Persian Jird ( Meriones persicus ) is a species of rodent in the Muridae family found in Afghanistan , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Iran , Iraq , Pakistan , Turkey , and Turkmenistan .
Triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .
The goodly fellowship of the Prophets : praise thee .
Jin was a Mary Ellen von der Heyden Fellow for Fiction at the American Academy in Berlin , Germany , in the fall of 2008 .
Weight varies from ; its body length ranges from ; it has no tail .
In October 2000 , Heinz introduced colored ketchup products called EZ Squirt , which eventually included green , purple , pink , orange , teal , and blue .
Iowa is bordered by the Mississippi River on the east ; the Missouri River and the Big Sioux River on the west ; the northern boundary is a line along 43 degrees , 30 minutes north latitude .
In 1989 , Casals was posthumously awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award .
Hesperioidea is very likely the sister group of Papilionoidea , and together with Hedyloidea they constitute a natural group ( clade ) .
In outer space , solar wind is the movement of gases or charged particles from the sun through space , while planetary wind is the outgassing of light chemical elements from a planet 's atmosphere into space .
Color , style and ceremonial importance of the gown can depend on the religion and culture of the wedding participants .
The blown-off outer layers of dying stars include heavy elements which may be recycled during new star formation .
The league comprises 16 teams which play 22 home and away rounds between late March and late August or early September .
Constitutional monarchy -- A government that has a monarch , but one whose powers are limited by law or by a formal constitution .
Superhero is a live album by singer\/comedian Stephen Lynch .
Swaythling - Burgess Road - Bassett Crossroads - Avenue Junction closed on 5 March 1949 .
Quinn , 638 He was taken to the Washington College Hospital , where he died on Sunday , October 7 , 1849 , at 5:00 in the morning .
George Sainton Kaye Butterworth , MC ( 12 July 1885 -- 5 August 1916 ) was an English composer best known for his tone poem The Banks of Green Willow and his settings of A. E. Housman 's poems .
It is the larger of the two principal cities of the Gulfport-Biloxi , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula , Mississippi Combined Statistical Area .
When starting a program , it is loaded from the removable medium and decompressed into a RAM drive .
It contains over 600 species found naturally throughout Eurasia , Africa , and Australia .
Pleasanton is a city in Decatur County , Iowa , United States .
The city of Maracaibo , Venezuela is founded by Ambrosius Ehinger .
Although he required Robinson to keep the arrangement a secret for the time being , Rickey committed to formally signing Robinson before November 1 , 1945 .
These adaptations to an oxygen-rich environment might include high concentrations of protective enzymes .
This category is for surnames originated among Slavic peoples , i.e. , peoples who speak Slavic languages .
For most Roman Catholics , this practice is understood as fulfilling the observance of this commandment , as they understand these images are not being worshipped .
Rodman Philbrick , Freak the Mighty , Scholastic Books , 1993 .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov ( , ; born Garry Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 , Baku , Azerbaijan ) is a Russian ( formerly Soviet ) chess grandmaster , a former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider the greatest chess player of all time .
He was back on the podium in Spain finishing third from fifth on the grid .
Among the company 's other breakthrough films as distributors in the late 1980s and early 1990s were Scandal , sex , lies , and videotape , Tie Me Up !
Hurricane Mitch was the most powerful hurricane of the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season , with maximum sustained winds of 180 mph ( 285 km\/h ) .
It was the first significant armed conflict of the Cold War .
Year 1787 ( MDCCLXXXVII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Friday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar ) .
You could see her there ev ` ry day ,
Charlotte and Branwell wrote Byronic stories about their country - Angria - and Emily and Anne wrote articles and poems about theirs - Gondal .
Consumer electronics include personal digital assistants ( PDAs ) , mp3 players , mobile phones , videogame consoles , digital cameras , DVD players , GPS receivers , and printers .
Spafford died on October 16 , 1888 , of malaria , and was buried in Mount Zion Cemetery , Jerusalem .
The National Library of China or NLC in Beijing is the largest library in Asia , and one of the largest in the world with a collection of over 23 million volumes .
February 13 & ndash ; Charles XI becomes king of Sweden upon the death of his father , Charles X Gustavus .
It received international sanction in 1906 , when it was adopted as an official period of the Paleozoic Era by the International Geological Congress .
The shamisen or samisen , also called sangen is a three-stringed musical instrument played with a plectrum called a bachi .
On 4 November 1995 ( 12th of Heshvan on the Hebrew Calendar ) , Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir , a radical right-wing Orthodox Jew who opposed the signing of the Oslo Accords .
Since trampolining became an Olympic sport in 2000 , many more countries have started developing programs and Japan and China are already producing very competitive athletes .
The majority of the country 's infrastructure , including homes , irrigation systems , water supply systems , and schools , and nearly 100 % of the country 's electrical grid were destroyed .
It is one of only two Atlantic season without a storm of hurricane intensity ( winds of 75 m or stronger ) , the other being the 1907 season .
Ledyard Stebbins , 94 , Dies ; Applied Evolution to Plants .
It was the only time in American history when two women simultaneously acted as White House hostess .
He also provides artwork , production and mixing for both groups .
It currently lies in modern-day southeastern Turkey .
Sahasrara ( ) Crown Chakra ( Top of the head ; ` Soft spot ' of a newborn )
Scholars believe that these gospels share the same point of view and are clearly linked .
In a recharging battery , or an electrolytic cell , the cathode is the negative terminal , which sends current back to the external generator .
Ireland joined the European Community ( now the European Union ) in 1973 .
Vampirates is a series of books by British author Justin Somper , about two twin children , Connor and Grace Tempest , who get separated at sea and are picked up by two very different ships .
Nobuyuki Zaizen ( ; 19 born October 1976 ) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays for Muangthong United in the Thai Premier League , as a midfielder .
On December 31 , 2007 , the FBI issued a press release online containing never before seen photos and fact sheets in an attempt to trigger memories or useful information regarding Cooper 's identity .
In February 1992 , following the band 's Pacific Rim tour , Cobain married Hole frontwoman Courtney Love in Hawaii .
As a young man , in 1626 , he received the patronage of Pope Urban VIII and worked on the embellishment of the Basilica for 50 years .
Warwickshire ( or ) is a landlocked non-metropolitan county in the West Midlands region of England .
Ernest Coombs was born in Lewiston , Maine , and pursued a career in children 's entertainment after attending North Yarmouth Academy in Yarmouth , Maine .
Claustrophobia is the fear of having no escape , and being closed in .
Pizieux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
When used without modifiers , sage generally refers to Salvia officinalis ( '' common sage '' ) ; however , it is used with modifiers to refer to any member of the genus .
A developer may specialize in a certain video game console , such as Sony 's PlayStation 3 , PSP , Microsoft 's Xbox 360 , Nintendo 's Wii , Nintendo DS , or may develop for a variety of systems , including personal computers .
Goodell is a city in Hancock County , Iowa , United States .
Early fossil tetrapods have been found in marine sediments , and because fossils of primitive tetrapods in general are found scattered all around the world , they must have spread by following the coastal lines -- they could not have lived in freshwater only .
In the UK , New Zealand , Australia and Canada , red poppies are worn to commemorate soldiers who have died in times of war .
Furthermore , a hearing impairment may exist in only one ear ( unilateral ) or in both ears ( bilateral ) .
The line was targeted at the consumer and education markets , with lower specifications and prices than the PowerBook , Apple 's higher-end line of laptop computers .
In August 2002 Caliban recorded their third official release Shadow Hearts .
Tim Whitnall born 27 June 1961 , on Canvey Island , Essex , is a British actor , musician and writer who played Angelo in the long-running hit CITV series Mike and Angelo .
Notable taxa include the Pink-Spotted Hawkmoth , Agrius cingulata , being a very common and recognizable species , the death 's - head hawkmoths ( Acherontia spp . )
Asia King Daru of Baekje succeeds to the throne of Baekje in the Korean peninsula .
After a few more raids across the Rhine , which resulted in the recovery of two of the three legions ' eagles lost in 9 CE , Tiberius ordered the Roman forces to halt and withdraw across the Rhine .
As characters become more developed , they gain various talents and skills , requiring the player to further define the abilities of that character .
He was born in Sagunto , Valencia , and almost completely lost his sight at the age of three after contracting diphtheria .
Physical Graffiti is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin . It is a double album which was released on 24 February 1975 .
Advanced technology is being integrated into toilets with more functions , especially in Japan ( see Toilets in Japan ) . The biggest maker of these toilets is TOTO .
Apna Dal was founded by Sone Lal Patel .
It is a large scoria volcano with two craters , which last erupted about one million years ago .
Publishers long gave an incorrect year for her birth date , which remained unknown until she finally gave her true age during a 2005 interview with the Detroit News .
Fish curses his bandmates for backstabbing and vows to start another band that will be ten times bigger than Vesuvius .
S. H. Kress & Co. was the trading name of a chain of '' five and dime '' retail department stores in the United States , which operated from 1896 to 1981 .
Gukansh , p. 252 ; Varley , Paul .
Usually , items that are not normally viewed as sexual .
Two processes , possibly acting together , can lead to air becoming saturated : cooling the air or adding water vapor to the air .
This is the origin of their name , as they are quite literally '' pasted '' onto the body part .
In 1983 , he obtained his German license , a year after he won the German Junior Kart Championship .
It took place simultaneously with the naval battle at Artemisium , in August or September 480 BC , at the pass of Thermopylae ( ` The Hot Gates ' ) .
of the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The '' Expert Hunter '' would double the amount of money the player could get from selling hides of animals .
The first , second , and third place finishers in each event receive gold , silver , and bronze medals , respectively .
The freeway , which runs north-south from the U.S.-Mexico border in California to Washington State , was constructed through Elysian Valley , displacing both residents and businesses .
They take over air traffic control systems , cutting off communication to the planes , and seize control of the airport , stating that they want to rescue Ramon Esperanza ( Franco Nero ) , a drug lord and dictator of a fictional South American country named Val Verde , who is flying in for a trial .
Another nickname is basureros ( '' garbage or waste collectors '' ) , acquired during the presidency of Mr. Venturino in the 1970s , who also managed the private company dealing with trash pickup in La Plata .
The words schism and schismatic have found their heaviest usage in the history of Christianity , to denote splits within a church or religious body .
Various symbols are used not just for frontal zones and other surface boundaries on weather maps , but also to depict the present weather at various locations on the weather map .
Lugnez is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
She married King Philip II of France on 28 April 1180 at Bapaume and brought as her dowry the county of Artois .
X provides the basic framework , or primitives , for building such GUI environments : drawing and moving windows on the screen and interacting with a mouse and/or keyboard .
Jerry Lamon Falwell , Sr. ( August 11 , 1933 - May 15 , 2007 ) was a Christian evangelical fundamentalist Southern Baptist pastor , televangelist , and a conservative commentator from the United States .
Curia in medieval and later Latin usage means '' court '' in the sense of '' royal court '' rather than '' court of law '' .
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta recorded over 5 inches ( 130 mm ) of rain on July 6 , its sixth-highest one-day rainfall since records began in 1878 ; most of the rain fell during just two hours ( 8 - 10 p.m. EDT ) .
Unlike most modern brooches , fibulae were not only decorative , they originally served a practical function : to fasten clothes , including cloaks .
W. A. Doble , The Tangential Water Wheel , Transactions of the American Institute of Mining Engineers , Vol .
Chavonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Branch predictors are crucial in today 's modern , superscalar processors for achieving high performance .
As the flagship of local performing arts groups , the SCO has the patronage of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong .
The studio has had its greatest financial success with movies , specifically animated movies .
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodent that contains the pocket gophers ( Geomyidae ) , the kangaroo rats and mice ( Heteromyidae ) , and their fossil relatives .
This mixture is stirred slowly while cooling to prevent large ice crystals from forming ; the result is a smoothly textured ice cream .
The Maccabees are a rock band from London , England .
Reported on site Thursday , 22 , December , 2005 , 01:33 His results in both Friday testing and private test sessions , along with the words of BMW Sauber team principal Mario Theissen , led to speculation that he would become Poland 's first ever Formula One racing driver in .
After an early attempt at this song on 27 January 1969 during the Let It Be sessions , Lennon announced , '' Just heard that Yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the song , substituting '' I 'm free at last '' for a part of the lyric .
While life prospered in the oceans , the land was barren - with nothing more than a microbial ` crud ' known as soil crust covering the land .
August & ndash ; The final Cathar stronghold in southern France falls , eliminating their last refuge since the Roman Catholic Church began the Albigensian Crusade to crush the sect in 1209 .
Aperture synthesis is now also being applied to optical telescopes .
Hendrik Johannes Cruijff ( ; born 25 April 1947 in Amsterdam , Netherlands ) , known as Johan Cruyff , is a retired Dutch footballer and is currently the manager of the Catalan national team .
This trait makes gadolinium useful for magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) .
Kobe Bean Bryant ( born ) is an American professional basketball player who plays shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
The show followed three American actresses who auditioned for the role as '' Billie Jo '' in the Swedish soap opera Nya tider . The winner was Alexandra Sapot who came to play the villain '' Billie Jo '' .
Its melting point is used as a temperature reference point , and from its discovery in 1875 to the semiconductor era , its primary uses were in high-temperature thermometric applications and in preparation of metal alloys with unusual properties of stability , or ease of melting ; some being liquid at room temperature or below .
It is north of the city of Niagara Falls .
Formed after the demise of Ament and Gossard 's previous band , Mother Love Bone , Pearl Jam broke into the mainstream with its debut album , Ten .
Malabo at britannica.com .
This town only comprises the town of Ruiselede proper .
The ceremony was to take place on September 6 ; Guardasoni had been approached about the opera in June .
Index on Censorship (/O2009/O) .
Aplacophora
On the journey to visit Cardigan , however , Wilbur is hungry so he gets some grapes which make him look purple .
Degree ( angle ) , a unit of angle measurement
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
Gregory Kurtley van der Wiel ( ; born 3 February 1988 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch international footballer who plays professionally for Ajax and the Netherlands national football team .
She won the Grand Prix Final earning 184.20 points , by a margin of 11.68 ahead over silver medalist Mao Asada .
As an official in post-independence 1960s Cameroon , Biya rose to prominence under President Ahmadou Ahidjo .
External links Richard Wagner - Das Rheingold .
The show toured around the United States and was co-sponsored by Steve Madden and L'Or éal .
It aims to describe everything that happens in nature .
He is Roman Catholic .
Jamie Anderson at Allmusic As of 2007 she had released nine full-length albums .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
Miocene to Recent
The institution had its origins in a meeting initiated by Dr Benjamin Golding in 1818 .
BVI measures where the weight and the fat are located on the body , rather than the total weight or total fat content .
Tomsk Polytechnic University , founded in 1900 is the oldest technical university in Siberia .
John IV , Duke of Brittany ( d. 1345 )
This article is about the '' Circles '' ( Kreise ) of Germany .
The invention of the first European movable type printing process by Johannes Gutenberg , a device that fundamentally changed the circulation of information .
A center of Mannerist design was Antwerp during its 16th century boom . Through Antwerp , Renaissance and Mannerist styles were widely introduced in England , Germany , and northern and eastern Europe in general .
He achieved a reduction ratio of 160:1 .
This execution method has been used only in the United States and , for a period of several decades , [ ] Philippines : The Death Penalty : Criminality , Justice and Human Rights in the Philippines ( its first use there in 1924 , last in 1976 ) .
Jakob Ludwig Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy , born , and generally known in English-speaking countries , as Felix MendelssohnThe overwhelming majority of printed sources in English ( e.g. see sources mentioned in references , and listings of recordings at amazon.com and elsewhere ) , use the form ` Mendelssohn ' and not ` Mendelssohn Bartholdy ' .
Convective rainbands can form parallel to terrain on its windward side , due to lee waves triggered by hills just upstream of the cloud 's formation .
Pico Rivera lies at the west , La Habra Heights to the east , La Habra to the southeast and Santa Fe Springs to the south .
June 16 & ndash ; Giovanni Boccaccio , Italian writer ( d. 1375 )
His son , Jamie Redknapp , played under him at Bournemouth and at Southampton .
Although it never attained tropical storm status , the cyclone became better-organized , though when the depression moved into the Gulf of Mexico it was absorbed by a non-tropical system on September 30 .
If a pawn moves to its last rank , achieving promotion , the piece chosen is indicated after the move , for example e1Q or e1 = Q. Castling is indicated by the special notations 0 - 0 for kingside castling and 0 - 0 - 0 for queenside castling .
The present-day Mo ovce can be characterized as an important tourist area with many sights .
A molecule can have multiple chiral centers without being chiral overall if there is a symmetry between the two ( or more ) chiral centers themselves .
Undertow is the debut full-length album by American progressive metal band Tool , released in 1993 .
The fourth generation Mondeo was launched in May 2007 , and is an even more upmarket effort than its predecessor , but most significantly it is even better value for money , with Ford being careful to ensure that each version of the new Mondeo is cheaper to buy than the equivalent version of the previous Mondeo .
Chromyl chloride is a chemical compound with the formula CrO2Cl2 .
Fontana Press , London , 1993 ISBN 978-0-00-686245-1 The Second International ( 1888 -- 1916 ) divided over the issue of the First World War .
This can be a result of tensile ( pulling ) forces , compressive ( pushing ) forces , shear , bending or torsion ( twisting ) .
For example , in '' Lost Our Lisa '' , she tricks Homer into allowing her to ride the bus alone , only to become hopelessly lost .
The laryngeal prominence -- commonly known as the Adam 's Apple -- is a feature of the human neck .
This template is often used on talk pages to show clearly that a section of discussion has been resolved , so that each editor does not have to re-read the section .
Within Australia , she is known for her controversial behavior and larrikin character as much as for her athletic ability .
Based on two passages in the Gospel of Luke , Gabriel foretold the births of both John the Baptist and Jesus .
Ecuador , Haiti , Ireland , Lithuania , the Philippines , Mexico and Uruguay attended the Olympic Games for the first time .
Aiseau-Presles is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
La Chapelle-Monthodon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
I 'm Breathless : Music from and Inspired by the film Dick Tracy is the second soundtrack album by American recording artist-songwriter , composer Madonna , released on May 22 , 1990 , by Sire Records .
Flora Jane Thompson ( 5 December 1876 & ndash ; 21 May 1947 ) was an English novelist and poet famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside , Lark Rise to Candleford .
Electoral district of Newcastle , an electoral district of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , also centred around the city
He also wrote , again with Graham Chapman , the 20 February 1977 episode of Doctor on the Go , a sequel to the Doctor in the House television comedy series .
Labroye is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
In 2002 , former Champ Car Champion Juan Pablo Montoya set pole position for the Formula One Grand Prix with a lap time of 1:12.836 .
It was discovered in 1975 , lost , and then rediscovered in 2000 .
He was the iconic figure of a generation of French players that won the 1998 World Cup and 2000 European Championship .
One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
It was renamed in honor of Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve , father of Jacques Villeneuve , following his death in 1982 .
They began to import Hill 's Absinth ( not a true Absinthe ) from the Czech Republic , which encouraged a modern resurgence in absinthe 's popularity .
When he and his older sister were still young , the Pipers moved to Greenville , South Carolina , where he spent the rest of his youth and graduated from Wade Hampton High School .
While traveling , Hercules is attacked by a giant named Antaeus and with the help of Deianeira manages to kill him .
Hautes-Alpes ( ) is a department in southeastern France named after the Alps mountain range .
Edward VIII was born on 23 June 1894 , at White Lodge in Richmond , England .
A volcanologist is a person who studies the formation of volcanoes , and their current and historic eruptions .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
She persuades her younger brother Jamie to accompany her : he 's quiet , but most importantly , he has a secret stash of cash , which he 's accumulated by betting on and cheating at card games with his best friend , Bruce Lansing , who is in the same grade as Jamie .
It was directed by Jan de Bont .
He is quoted to have said '' Death with the sword in hand , is always preferable to execution by a mere stroke of the pen , prompting the Indian government to call him the '' Nizam 's Frankenstein monster '' .
Designed by Norman Foster , the turbine was intended to provide power for the stadium and nearby homes , but safety concerns about ice on the blades led to the proposal being dropped .
Located on the northwestern fringes of the Pacific Ring of Fire , the Philippines have experienced frequent seismic and volcanic activities .
This highball is often referred to as a Rum and Coke in the United States and Canada , where the lime juice is optional .
Nickname for an M79 grenade launcher
Bonham Carter signed to play author Enid Blyton in the BBC Four television biopic , Enid .
Red Bank is an enclave ; its area is completely surrounded by that of Chattanooga .
July 1 The Colony of Victoria separates from New South Wales .
In 2004 , while pregnant with Deva , Bellucci posed nude for the Italian Vanity Fair Magazine in protest against Italian laws that prevent the use of donor sperm .
In a quantized gauge theory , gauge bosons are quanta of the gauge fields . Consequently , there are as many gauge bosons as there are generators of the gauge field .
Huetter is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
Both crew members were killed , but there were no passengers on board .
Natural Selection has driven the origination and diversification of the toxins to counter the defenses of their prey .
It is located about 250 km ( 155 miles ) from Havana , and has a population of 150,000 .
On Scar 's orders , the hyenas trap Simba in a narrow gorge during a dangerous stampede of wildebeest .
It is noted for its science fiction and fantasy titles .
She was tall and had a striking figure , brilliant beauty , powerfully expressive eyes , and solemn dignity of demeanor which enabled her to claim the character as her own .
This is proposed to be adaptation to the animal living in high levels of carbon dioxide due to poorly ventilated living spaces , which would cause acid to build up in their body tissues .
Wozzeck and Andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting .
He was the youngest member of England 's 1966 World Cup winning team and was made Man of the Match in the final following his performance .
Culture jamming , coined in 1984 , denotes a tactic used by many consumer social movements to disrupt or subvert mainstream cultural institutions , including corporate advertising .
Pitt is popularly recognized for its centerpiece building , the Cathedral of Learning at , the tallest educational building in the Western Hemisphere ; for its central role in developing the first polio vaccine ; and for fielding nationally competitive NCAA Division I athletic programs .
The degree of expansion divided by the change in temperature is called the material 's coefficient of thermal expansion and generally varies with temperature .
Tragedy ( late 6th century BC ) , comedy ( 486 BC ) , and the satyr play were the three dramatic genres to emerge there .
Energy can only be transferred by heat between objects , or areas within an object , with different temperatures , a consequence of the zeroth law of thermodynamics .
Although in wide use , ammonia is both caustic and hazardous .
This performance earned glowing praise from Ramos , who highlighted the Polish goalkeeper 's qualities and referred to him as a ` magnificent player ' .
During the last four decades , many more people from this district have gone abroad , especially to the United Kingdom , to earn their livelihood .
This broad definition would include newborns and other people who have not been exposed to theistic ideas .
When the other two police returned to camp , Constable McIntyre , at Ned 's direction , called on them to surrender .
This has been supported by Wilde who has pushed the date of the zircon crystals found in the metamorphosed quartzite of Mount Narryer in Western Australia , previously thought to be 4.1 -- 4.2 Ga , to 4.404 Ga. .
Though the original series was titled simply Star Trek , it has acquired the nickname Star Trek : The Original Series ( ST : TOS or TOS ) to make it differ from the spinoffs that followed , and from the Star Trek universe or franchise they take up .
This dispute originated in a disagreement over the production of his Giovanna d'Arco in 1845 ; however the composer later conducted his Requiem there on 25 May 1874 , and in 1886 announced that La Scala would host the premiere of his opera Otello .
Criticism of the bank , that the President is always a citizen of the United States , nominated by the President of the United States ( though subject to the '' approval '' of the other member countries ) .
Following the conclusion of the 2005 MLS season , the franchise was officially put on hiatus in December of that year while the players , head coach Dominic Kinnear and some of his coaching staff were moved to Houston , Texas where they now play as the Houston Dynamo .
It is the seat of the Vilnius city municipality and of the Vilnius district municipality .
The textile and manufacturing sectors across Scotland suffered significant decline in the post-war period and in particular from the 1960s , in the face of greater foreign competition .
One purpose of the council was to resolve disagreements arising from within the Church of Alexandria over the nature of Jesus in relationship to God the Father ; in particular , whether Jesus was the literal son of God or was he a figurative son , like the other '' Sons of God '' in the Bible .
Gerald Ford was then campaigning for what would be his first of 13 terms as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives , and the wedding was delayed until shortly before the elections because , as The New York Times reported , '' Jerry was running for Congress and was n't sure how voters might feel about his marrying a divorced ex-dancer .
This number grew over time , and typical CPUs now have at least 512 KB , while more powerful CPUs come with 1 or 2 or even 4 , 6 , 8 or 12 MB , organized in multiple levels of a memory hierarchy .
Nick 's next-door neighbor is the wealthy and mysterious Jay Gatsby , who throws lavish parties hosting hundreds of people .
Sand was born in Paris but raised for much of her childhood by her grandmother , Marie Aurore de Saxe , Madame Dupin de Franceuil , at her grandmother 's estate , Nohant , in the French region of Berry ( See House of George Sand ) .
Hiromu Shinozuka
It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism has a waxy coat around it that does not accept the Gram stain .
In August 2008 Kijiji re-branded their India site to Quikr.com .
October 22 & ndash ; Ludovico Sforza becomes Duke of Milan , and starts a chain of events that leads to the First Italian War .
Baruch is not in the Protestant Bible or the Tanakh .
Also in 1823 , the Erie Canal aqueduct over the Genesee River was completed , and the Erie Canal east to the Hudson River was opened .
As the result of the electoral alliance , the Co-operative Party has not registered a logo with the electoral commission for use on ballot papers , as candidates use the more recognisable Labor Party '' rose '' logo .
As of 2000 the population is 140,415 .
Horatio Gates Spafford ( October 20 , 1828 , Troy , New York - October 16 , 1888 , Jerusalem ) Source of middle name and birth\/death information was a prominent American lawyer , best known for penning the Christian hymn It Is Well With My Soul , following a family tragedy in which four of his daughters died .
An impressive orator and successful lawyer , Cicero thought that his political career was his most important achievement .
Hafnium was the penultimate stable isotope element to be discovered ( rhenium was identified two years later ) .
Henan ( ) , is a province of the People 's Republic of China , located in the eastern central part of the country .
The word is sometimes rendered by its English translation '' service '' , may refer to an elaborate formal ritual such as the Eastern Orthodox Divine Liturgy and Roman Catholic Mass , or a daily activity such as the Muslim salatOxford Dictionary of World Religions , p. 582 & ndash ; 3 and Jewish services .
Thracian troops were known to accompany neighboring ruler Alexander the Great when he crossed the Hellespont which abuts Thrace , and took on the Persian Empire of the day .
The Central line is a London Underground line , colored red on the tube map .
Tao has two brothers living in Australia , who both represented Australia at the International Mathematical Olympiad .
The system lost its deep convection and by the afternoon of September 30 , Melissa degenerated into a remnant low as thunderstorm activity diminished .
He is the brother to Bridgette , Melissa , and Candace . His little sister Candace Cameron Bure is most notable for her role as D.J. Tanner on the popular television sitcom , Full House .
During 2003 and 2004 , FSF put substantial advocacy effort into responding to the lawsuit and quelling its negative impact on the adoption and promotion of free software .
In the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( North Korea ) , '' Juche '' refers specifically to a political thesis of Kim Il-sung , the Juche Idea , that identifies the Korean masses as the masters of the country 's development .
The highest is Cross Fell in eastern Cumbria , at while other principal peaks include Mickle Fell , Whernside , Ingleborough , High Seat and Wild Boar Fell , both in Mallerstang , Pen-y-ghent , and Kinder Scout .
The language derives much of its syntax from C and C + + but has a simpler object model and fewer low-level facilities .
IAUC 8177 : Satellites of Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus 2003 August ( naming the moon ) Pasithee , better known as Aglaea , is the spouse of Hypnos ( Sleep ) and presides to hallucinations and hallucinogens .
Cory in the House is an American television series , which debuted January 12 , 2007 on Disney Channel , spin-off from That 's So Raven .
Through his often-suppressed writings , he helped to raise global awareness of the Gulag , the Soviet Union 's forced labor camp system - particularly in The Gulag Archipelago and One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich , two of his best-known works .
The influence of climate , season and soil on the composition of the essential oil is greater than the difference between the various species .
IP address is a number given to each computer on the internet .
For many airlines in the U.S. , the 737-800 replaced aging Boeing 727-200 trijets and MD-80 series and MD-90 aircraft .
The primary activity of both organisations in relation to ambulances , is the provision of covers at events as an extension of their first aid contract .
With the 2008 Concorde Agreement outlawing customer cars from onwards , Dietrich Mateschitz put the Toro Rosso team up for sale in March 2008 .
The western suburbs of Toronto grew up around it , and it is now a popular airport for Toronto-area pilots and has become a thriving airport .
Proceeds from The PEN\/O .
While in Japan , Paterson studied both Japanese and Chinese culture , which influenced much of her subsequent writing .
His belief in the paranormal springs from long experience , which began with the abduction of his sister , Samantha Mulder , by extraterrestrials when Mulder was 12 . His sister 's abduction is a driving force in Mulder 's career throughout most of the series .
Among the detainees were several former professional footballers including four former England internationals , Fred Spiksley , Fred Pentland , Samuel Wolstenholme and Steve Bloomer , a Scotland international , John Cameron , a German international Edwin Dutton and John Brearley , once of Everton and Tottenham Hotspur .
He wrote one of the most famous textbooks in the history of modern biology , The Cell .
Nonetheless , he knew that the treaty , and in particular the issue of partition , would not be well received in Ireland .
Terminal illness is a medical term popularized in the 20th century to describe an active and malignant disease that can not be cured or adequately treated and that is reasonably expected to result in the death of the patient .
Olga 's friends and family generally called her simply Olga Nikolaevna or nicknamed her '' Olishka '' or '' Olya '' .
Beham is best known as a prolific printmaker , producing approximately 252 engravings , 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts , including woodcut book illustrations .
Year 1420 ( MCDXX ) was a leap year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Zipeg works under Mac OS X and Windows .
This move was widely criticised even during Strauss 's lifetime ; it is today regarded by some as having artificially prolonged the life of the then-bankrupt communist state .
On the other hand , even in an emergency situation some people still insist on maintaining their standards of modesty .
Pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the family of cue sports and games played on a pool table having six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play .
Activists ' goals are for an end to the legal status of '' corporate personhood '' and the dissolution of free market fundamentalism and the radical economic privatization measures of the World Bank , International Monetary Fund , and World Trade Organization .
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months , but on 4 February 1839 Gilbert went to the Swan River settlement .
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto a shore or beach of a sea or river by the action of winds , tides , waves or man .
( see the bottom of this page or List of CAF national football teams ) .
Although some molds cause disease or food spoilage , others are useful for their role in biodegradation or in the production of various foods , beverages , antibiotics and enzymes .
The project began to see major contributions after 150,000 + articles in the original English Wikipedia and articles in each of seven other languages had been created .
A means of recording the motion of the mass relative to the frame , or the force needed to keep it from moving .
He is a near-legendary figure among chefs and gourmets , and was one of the most important leaders in the development of modern French cuisine .
For the 2009 -- 10 season the Chamois Niortais senior team plays in the Championnat de France Amateurs Group C , the fourth tier of the French football league system .
The first release was based on Red Hat Linux ( version 5.1 ) and K Desktop Environment 1 in July 1998 .
Personal control of Himmler Himmler , the leader of the SS , was a chief architect of the Final Solution .
April Janet Pearson ( born 23 January 1989 ) is an English actress best known for her role as Michelle Richardson in the E4 teen drama series , Skins .
Events By Place Europe February 14 : First known mention of Lithuania , in the annals of the monastery of Quedlinburg .
In 1647 , Locke was sent to the prestigious Westminster School in London under the sponsorship of Alexander Popham , a member of Parliament and former commander of the younger Locke 's father .
She was appointed by U.S. President Bill Clinton on December 5 , 1996 , and was unanimously confirmed by a U.S. Senate vote of 99-0 .
Their first recordings were three songs that appeared on a 1986 compilation album for C\/Z Records called Deep Six .
Oldtown is a city in Bonner County , Idaho , United States .
On January 16 , 2004 they recorded a solo performance at the Shibuya-AX , which was released on DVD as Tokyo Saihan - Judgment Day - .
Congress elects the President of FIFA , its General Secretary and the other members of FIFA 's Executive Committee .
The most recent English translation , by Royall Tyler ( 2001 ) , also tries to be faithful to the original text .
Pewter is 85 - 99 % tin ; Babbitt metal has a high percentage of tin as well .
Timothy Zachery Mosley ( born March 10 , 1971 ) , better known by his stage name Timbaland , is an American record producer , singer-songwriter , actor , musician and rapper .
Percy was portrayed by Logan Lerman in Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief , a film adaptation of the first book of the first series , released in February 2010 .
The official proper design for a game port-MIDI adapter can be found at this MIDI page .
His views were widely held in the East , and the consequence was the separation of the Assyrian Church of the East from the Byzantine Church .
Equipment and environment needed to prepare the dish
Genera and species in the flowering plant family Sapindaceae .
J. C. Penney Company , Inc. ( ; most commonly known today by the name JCPenney or simply Penney 's ) is a mid-range chain of American department stores based in Plano , Texas , a suburb north of Dallas .
November 9 & ndash ; Battle of Gamelsdorf : Louis the Bavarian defeats his cousin Frederick I of Austria .
Massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) is a genre of computer role-playing games in which a very large number of players interact with one another within a virtual game world .
For smaller prey up to the size of a goat , their loosely articulated jaws , flexible skull , and expandable stomach allow it to swallow its prey whole .
The two tribes took this to mean that they were merging , and Shii Ann Huang attempted to use this to her advantage by openly trying to ally herself with the former opposing tribe .
Jonson is buried in Westminster Abbey , with the inscription '' O Rare Ben Johnson '' ( sic ) set in the slab over his grave .
However , the principle is applied very broadly beyond bottles to paint and automobile parts such as tires .
From ) is a viral neuroinvasive disease that causes acute encephalitis ( inflammation of the brain ) in warm-blooded animals .
Ownership has changed many times , past owners including the Scottish publisher A & C Black , Horace Everett Hooper , Sears Roebuck and William Benton .
In Slapstick , Vonnegut recounts that Alice 's husband died two days before Alice herself , and her family tried to hide the knowledge from her , but she found out when an ambulatory patient gave her a copy of the New York Daily News a day before she herself died .
With the end of the revolt , Zheng suffered a serious defeat .
Fozzie also has a cousin who appeared in the first season of The Muppet Show , also performed by Frank Oz .
The 2009 KCAs featured a new award called '' The Big Green Help Award '' ( the award is colored in green to further the theme ) which goes to the celebrity who goes above and beyond to help the environment .
Following the WWE Brand Extension in 2002 , Heat began being broadcast featuring matches and content from the Raw brand .
At the same time , the Impressionist movement , spearheaded by Claude Debussy , was being developed in France .
Here , domains act as modules , each with a particular and independent function , that can be mixed together to produce genes encoding new proteins with novel properties .
The film was received with praise from critics and was also well-received by audiences .
Nouakchott has a deep-sea port , opened in 1986 , primarily used for imports .
He manages to retrieve her necklace by tricking the pin vendor with '' Fatov , '' a phony mascot '' created '' in advance for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia ; the mascot is really Homer 's jowls , clipped by Bart from his driver 's license .
In 1356 , after it had passed and England was able to recover financially , Edward 's son and namesake , the Prince of Wales , known as the Black Prince , invaded France from Gascony , winning a great victory in the Battle of Poitiers , where the English archers repeated the tactics used at Crécy .
Friedrich Ebert ( 4 February 1871 - 28 February 1925 ) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Kevin Daniel Kilbane ( ; born 1 February 1977 in Preston , Lancashire ) is an English born Irish footballer who plays as a left-sided midfielder for Hull City in the Premier League .
Life Starts Now is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Three Days Grace .
Most IRC clients require commands to be preceded by a slash ( '' \/O/ '' ) .
Yuji Sugano ( born April 14 , 1961 ) is a former Japanese football player .
He is also a recipient of the Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism and a trustee of Economists for Peace and Security .
Introduced by Jza84 using an image uploaded by Sam 1123 .
Palazzo Cofani-Brizzolari , with the Torre Faggiolana .
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio , ( 29 September 1571 18 July 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 .
Flowering can be induced in some biennials without vernalization by application of the plant hormone gibberellin , but this is rarely done commercially .
Another large educational establishment in Aylesbury is the Aylesbury Music Centre , which has its own premises adjoining Aylesbury High School .
This is a list of species in the genus Salvia , the sages and claries .
Government officials , who were looking for means to relocate the Dutch trading post , forced the Dutch to move from Hirado to Dejima .
There are old merchants ' mansions richly decorated with wood and stone carving in the historical center of Ulan-Ude , along the river banks which are exceptional examples of Russian classicism .
It lies roughly south of Manchester city centre and is bisected north south by Wilmslow Road and east west by the former Fallowfield Loop railway line , now a cycle path .
In 1844 , he attended the celebrations marking the completion of the cathedral , becoming the first king of Prussia to enter a Roman Catholic building .
Aulnois-sous-Laon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
A funeral prayer , or salat ul-janazah , is normally held for a deceased Muslim outdoors in a courtyard or square close to the mosque , with all congregants present , including the imam , participating .
Ellington called his music '' American Music '' rather than jazz , and liked to describe those who impressed him as '' beyond category '' .
Sichuan pepper is one of the few spices important for Tibetan and Bhutanese cookery of the Himalayas , because few spices can be grown there .
When discussing Waluigi , Martinet stated that he would love to see a video game featuring Waluigi as its lead character , suggesting that the objective would be having to have Waluigi '' cheat to win '' .
May - August 2006 : Holocaust Museum Houston in Texas .
Irish is the language of conversation for teachers and pupils inside and near the school , and all pupils have a duty to speak Irish .
Sioux City : 36,830 ft \/O/ sOmaha : 39,100 ft \/O/ s Kansas City : 56,950 ft \/O/ s Boonville : 69,220 ft \/O/ s Hermann : 87,950 ft \/O/ s
He was Yun Bo-seon 's younger half-uncle , and politician and Independent Activitist Yun Chi-ho 's younger cousin . Yun Bo-seon is his second brother Yun Chi-So 's son .
He was also given ' and , which he '' really tried to read and put it down . ''
Namli Maira is a mountainous rural area located in Abbottabad District ( ) .
It lies on the coastal plain between Sompting to the west , Shoreham-by-Sea to the east and the parish of Coombes to the north .
A stone circle is a monument of standing stones arranged in a circle , dated to the period of the European Neolithic known as the '' Megalithic '' .
Some information on Wikipedia may create an unreasonable risk for readers who choose to apply or use the information in their own activities or to promote the information for use by third parties .
Geisha remain as such until they retire .
In 1991 , he was Chairman of the OSCE .
An aftershock is a smaller earthquake that occurs after a previous large earthquake in the same area ( the main shock ) .
Albert Hofmann ( January 11 , 1906 - April 29 , 2008 ) was a Swiss scientist known best for being the first person to synthesize , ingest and learn of the psychedelic effects of lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD ) .
It has also been referred to as the Central Park of Los Angeles , but it is much larger and with a much more untamed , rugged character .
At Vengeance , Melina dropped the Women 's Championship to Candice and failed to recapture the title at The Great American Bash .
The Sinhalese community forms the majority of the population ; Tamils , who are concentrated in the north and east of the island , form the largest ethnic minority .
Crash Bandicoot is a series of platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Activision currently after first being developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America .
The survivors must deal with two outcomes of the detonation of a nuclear bomb on the island in the 1970s .
Muzaffarabad district ( Pahari : ) of Azad Kashmir is located on the banks of the Jhelum and the Neelum rivers , and is very hilly .
Beyond the immediate concerns of colonial expansion addressed by the agreement , the signing of the Entente cordiale marked the end of almost a millennium of intermittent conflict between the two nations and their predecessor states , and the start of a peaceful co-existence that has continued to date .
For reference purposes , a particular permutation may be described by naming the positions where dots are raised , the positions being universally numbered 1 to 3 , from top to bottom , on the left , and 4 to 6 , from top to bottom , on the right .
The awarded poets are presented to the public during Fall .
In total , they won 426 games and lost 437 before disbanding , taking their lone pennant ( and World Series ) in 1887 .
Negative pronouns indicate the non-existence of people or things .
Mello was born in New Haven , Connecticut on October 18 , 1960 .
Kolding is also the site of Designskolen Kolding , a university level design school .
He is the founder of MASS Movement and Action for Social Services - ( ) .
When reference is made to the unit kelvin ( either a specific temperature or a temperature interval ) , kelvin is always spelled with a lowercase k unless it is the first word in a sentence .
On August 17 , a hurricane warning was issued for the coastline from Corpus Christi to Morgan City , Louisiana , and later for Port Arthur , Texas southward .
The town is named after Saint Andrew the Apostle .
( 2000-01-28 ) Super Mario Deluxe for Game Boy Color Review .
Aquarius is available in the following flavors : Carrot Orange , Citrus Blend , Grapefruit , Honey Lemon , Lemon , Orange , Watermelon and Coca-Cola .
NTU has multi-national programs and initiatives with institutions worldwide .
The box office income outside the United States was $ 13.3 million , with a worldwide total of $ 38.8 million , slightly less than the film 's $ 39 million budget , which does not include the promotion and advertising costs .
Rather , they plot each star on a graph measuring the star 's absolute magnitude or brightness against its temperature and colour .
The Council of Trent , delayed and interrupted several times because of political or religious disagreements , was a major reform council and the most impressive embodiment of the ideals of the Counter-Reformation .
November 10 & ndash ; Ibn Arabi , Andalusian Arab philosopher ( b. 1165 )
