Most Sri Lankan Tamils live in the Northern and Eastern provinces and in the capital Colombo , whereas most Indian Tamils live in the central highlands .
Upper Franconia ( ) is a Regierungsbezirk ( administrative [ Regierungs ] region [ bezirk ] ) of the state of Bavaria , southern Germany .
Bikini Bottom is a city that is the main setting of the series , located at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean .
Physiotherapy clinics are usually operated by physiotherapists and psychology clinics by clinical psychologists , and so on for each health profession .
In addition to Texas State University and the San Marcos Baptist Academy , San Marcos is served by the San Marcos Consolidated Independent School District .
A philosopher who approached technology from a deterministic viewpoint , Ellul , professor at the University of Bordeaux , authored 58 books and more than a thousand articles over his lifetime , the dominant theme of which has been the threat to human freedom and Christian faith created by modern technology .
In 2004 , Bayne moved to the Allison Legacy Race Series , where he became the youngest top rookie . In 2005 , he became the series ' National Champion .
Using corpus techniques , more complex translations may be attempted , allowing for better handling of differences in linguistic typology , phrase recognition , and translation of idioms , as well as the isolation of anomalies .
The national football team of Iran represents Iran in international football competitions and is controlled by the Football Federation Islamic Republic of Iran .
Nonetheless , the attack has caused some experts to express greater unease at the algebraic simplicity of the current AES .
A flower , sometimes known as a bloom or blossom , is the reproductive structure found in flowering plants ( plants of the division Magnoliophyta , also called angiosperms ) .
Aidan watches the tape a few days later .
Des Moines takes its name from Fort Des Moines ( 1843 - 46 ) , which was named for the Des Moines River .
This did n't change until 1973 with the installation of a new computer , increasing processing power of the Weather Centre greatly , leading to forecasts twice as accurate as earlier ones .
Neuville-au-Cornet is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Speaker for the Dead was published in a slightly revised edition in 1991 .
Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Hyles -- Anderson College is an unaccredited Bible college in unincorporated Crown Point , Lake County , Indiana , Spivak , Diane Hyles ' birthplace to be rebuilt on campus : Texas home of college co-founder will rest at Hyles-Anderson Northwest Indiana Times 7 November 2001 with a postal address at 8400 Burr Street , Crown Point , Indiana .
The Stanley Cup playoffs ended on June 4 , with the Detroit Red Wings taking the championship .
On the 14th day of the infection , biopsies of Marshall 's stomach did not reveal any bacteria , so spontaneous eradication may have occurred .
Hamm is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia ( NRW ) , Germany .
Shrewsbury ( or ) is the county town of Shropshire , in the West Midlands region of England .
The old skin breaks near the mouth and the snake wriggles out , aided by rubbing against rough surfaces . In many cases , the cast skin peels backward over the body from head to tail in one piece , like pulling a sock off inside-out .
Concept learning is the induction of a concept ( category ) from observations
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates .
Stephen David Warnock ( born 12 December 1981 ) is an English footballer who plays as a left back for Blackburn Rovers .
Along with Hovell in 1824 , Hume was part of an expedition that first took an overland route from Sydney to Port Phillip near the site of present day Melbourne .
Brackish water is water that has more salinity than fresh water , but not as much as seawater .
The film stars Zachary Levi . David Cross , Jason Lee , and the voices of Justin Long , Jesse McCartney , Matthew Gray Gubler , Christina Applegate , Amy Poehler , and Anna Faris .
After the Ten Plagues , Moses leads the Exodus of the Israelites out of Egypt and across the Red Sea , after which they base themselves at Mount Sinai , where Moses receives the Ten Commandments .
There are , however , also other programs that can upload to Picasa Web Albums .
Delta moved erratically for a few days before moving towards the Canary Islands .
References External links Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education official website PASSHE Foundation , Inc. .
On Mainland China under the People 's Republic of China , counties are the third level of local government , coming under both the province level and the prefecture level .
South Shields is a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
In 1987 , FC Porto also gained the UEFA Supercup ( another first for Portugal ) and , in 2003 , it brought Portugal 's first UEFA Cup , making FC Porto the most sucessful club internationally in Portugal .
The Down to the Countryside Movement was a policy instituted in the People 's Republic of China in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Its plumage is mostly irridescent green .
In 2007 , the semifinals averaged 3.1 million viewers , and an estimated four million Swedes watched the final .
For smaller prey up to the size of a goat , their loosely articulated jaws , flexible skull , and expandable stomach allow it to swallow its prey whole .
Rapid City is located on the eastern edge of the Black Hills , and is split in half by the Dakota Hogback .
The song was released on June 22 , 1999 as the album 's lead single .
Charles Stewart ParnellMost contemporaries pronounced his name , with the stress on the second syllable .
The Universal Media Disc ( UMD ) is an optical disc medium developed by Sony for use on the PlayStation Portable .
'' Constitutional disability '' in this context could describe either the potential President 's failure to meet the eligibility requirements of the office or his not having completed his electoral affirmation by Congress .
Color film uses at least three layers .
Board shorts : A combination of shorts and a bathing suit , typically worn by men , which have recently gained in popularity .
The Monk Parakeet , also known as the Quaker Parrot , ( Myiopsitta monachus ) is a species of parrot , in most treatments the only member of the genus Myiopsitta .
It was the highest fee ever paid for a player under 20 years old ; Rooney was still only 18 when he left Everton .
The rise of the sister party Labour 's recovery as a credible party of government during World War II and the formal links and local affiliations brought by the 1927 agreement saw benefits electorally for the Co-operative Party .
Banda Qazi
It based its Windows compatibility on the Wine API emulation layer .
Magny-la-Fosse is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , IBSN 0198605757 It is a religious building for worship , specifically of a denomination with an episcopal hierarchy , such as the Roman Catholic , Anglican , Orthodox , and some Lutheran and Methodist churches , which serves as a bishop 's seat , and thus as the central church of a diocese , conference , or episcopate .
The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) , ( National Volunteer Organization or National Patriotism Organization ) , also known the Sangh , is a right-wing Hindu nationalist , paramilitary , volunteer , and allegedly militant organization in India .
This would provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes .
The University of Oxford ( informally Oxford University , or simply Oxford ) is a public university located in Oxford , United Kingdom .
A souvenir sheet or miniature sheet is a small group of postage stamps still attached to the sheet on which they were printed .
However , in 2006 , this was being de-emphasized ; Tweenies was permanently pulled from the schedule in January , and Tiny Planets was pulled in April 2006 .
The name of the family comes from the Latin Solanum '' the nightshade plant '' , but the further etymology of that word is unclear .
From 1050 to 1571 , the city expanded and rose dramatically in importance due to its location on key trade routes .
subdivision_name1 = Tulcea County
The county was named for Isaac Shelby , a hero of the King 's Mountain Battle during the American Revolutionary War .
It was located in Picnic Point National Park , near the South Sydney Power station .
Sean Kingston ( born Kisean Anderson ; February 3 , 1990 ) is a Jamaican singer and rapper .
For music notation software , see Scorewriter .
Because the heart is beating and the body is warm , people may have difficulty believing the person is dead .
When she was 15 , her family moved to Rosarito city , Mexico and then to San Diego where she attended Bonita Vista High School and Chula Vista School of the Creative and Performing Arts .
Members participate in baseball , men 's and women 's basketball , men 's and women 's cross country , football , men 's and women 's golf , rowing ( women 's ) , men 's and women 's soccer , softball , men 's and women 's swimming , men 's and women 's tennis , men 's and women 's indoor and outdoor track and field , and volleyball .
McClane hitches a ride on a news helicopter , which drops him off on the wing of the plane and blocks the wing flaps with his jacket , preventing the plane from taking off , Grant comes out and fights McClane , but ends up being sucked into the engine .
On February 10 , 2009 , her record-setting nails were broken off when she was ejected from a car in a four-car pile-up in Holladay , Utah .
She is the 2010 Winter Olympic silver medalist , the 2008 & 2010 World champion , the 2008 & 2010 Four Continents champion , a two-time ( 2005-2006 & 2008-2009 ) Grand Prix Final champion , the 2005 World Junior champion , the 2004-2005 Junior Grand Prix Final champion and a four-time ( 2006 -- 2009 ) Japanese national champion .
On 9 November 1989 , the Wall was opened , and the two parts of the city were once again physically- though at this point not legally- united .
For instance , the interval from D to F is a major third , while that from D to G is a diminished fourth , although they have identical width in equal temperament ( 4 semitones , or 400 cents ) .
The Egypt national football team ( ) , nicknamed The Pharaohs ( ) , is the national team of Egypt , and is administered by the Egyptian Football Association ( EFA ) .
The character is the first of a set of six new Joker 's Cards .
Finally , he edited his songs and made new songs in the six years of preparation , just for the best 12 songs for all the people anticipating for his music .
The Tibetan tantric tradition has the Fire Wheel between the heart and the throat , the Wind Wheel on the forehead , and below the navel , instead of Swadhisthana and Muladhara , they have 3 chakras ; the Secret Place Wheel is located 4 fingers below the navel , the Jewel Wheel is located on the sexual organ , and the very tip of the sexual organ is the very last chakra , where the central channel ends .
Germ-X is the brand name of a line of antibacterial and antimicrobial products marketed in the United States . Germ-X products include instant hand sanitizer gels , foaming hand soap , and soft wipes .
In July 2006 , Cassini saw the first proof of hydrocarbon lakes near Titan 's north pole , which was confirmed in January 2007 .
Gentoox An adaptation of Gentoo for the Xbox .
In the episode , Krusty the Clown , a famous TV comedian , is convicted of the armed robbery of the Kwik-E-Mart .
Although he released an album ( David Bowie ) and several singles earlier , Bowie first caught the eye and ear of the public in July 1969 , when the song '' Space Oddity '' reached the top five of the UK Singles Chart .
Two ( or more ) inductors which have coupled magnetic flux form a transformer , which is a fundamental component of every electric utility power grid .
He attended Colorado State Teachers College ( now named the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley , Colorado ) , and earned his master 's degree .
Miribel
London Bridge railway station is a central London terminal and London Underground station in the London Borough of Southwark , which occupies a large area on two levels immediately south-east of London Bridge and 1.6 miles ( 2.6 km ) east of Charing Cross .
Sol Invictus ( ) was a Roman god , a version of the early sun deity Sol , who emerged in the later Roman Empire .
Bousse is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Long-term relationships in other countries can become known as common-law marriages , although they may have no special status in law .
Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat is a commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Many people from the occupied areas fled to Sopron , and the city 's importance grew .
Ripley was once served by Ripley railway station on the Midland Railway Ripley Branch . It was also the northern terminus of the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Company , and later the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire trolleybus system .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories is considered the second game in the series .
It is manipulated by gifted humans who are attuned to magic , called witches ( whether they be men or women ) .
The same month , The Gazette was featured in Shoxx magazine 's Expect Rush III , a catalogue of independent Visual Kei artists .
Growing up in a musical family , brothers Mike Sandison and Marcus Eoin began playing instruments at a young age .
The Daily Mirror is a British tabloid newspaper founded in 1903 .
It is made up of several groups of Polynesian islands , the most famous island being Tahiti in the Society Islands group , which is also the most populous island and the seat of the capital of the territory ( Papeete ) .
The company 's name is a combination of the last names of the two founders , Charles Hyde , and David Vredenburg ( Take the first two letters of Hyde 's name , the V from Vredenburg , and add a double E to the end , and you have the company name Hy-Vee ) .
The Bond albedo , named after the American astronomer George Phillips Bond ( 1825 - 1865 ) , who originally proposed it , is the fraction of power in the total electromagnetic radiation incident on an astronomical body that is scattered back out into space .
In other words , the distance from the foot of the ladder to the wall should be about one quarter of the height of the top of the ladder . At steeper angles , the ladder is at risk of toppling backwards when the climber leans away from it .
The Chinese language is the language of the people of China -- most often referring to the Mandarin language .
Emperor Toba ascends to the throne of Japan .
The sport is particularly popular in Indigenous communities .
The film reboots the Batman film series , telling the origin story of the character and begins with Bruce Wayne 's initial fear of bats , the death of his parents , and his journey to becoming Batman .
Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 Terrorist Attack Police Officer Paul Jurgens Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 Terrorist Attack Terrorist attacks On February 26 , 1993 the Port Authority 's World Trade Center complex was the target of terrorist attacks .
The Mamluks , led by their new sultan Baibars , quickly became a regional power in the Middle East by capturing a number of crusader states and repulsing Mongol attacks .
Technically the term Pilgrimage of Grace refers specifically and inclusively to the uprising around York , though sometimes it is used in relation to the risings in general which took place around Northern England ; first from Lincolnshire , twelve days before the actual Pilgrimage of Grace .
Is the birthplace of many noted Brazilian , writers and musicians . Euclides Neto and Luiz Caldas are someone 's .
In addition to Goldsworthy and Masterton , the Stars have retired the number 7 of Minnesota native , University of Minnesota graduate and 1980 Olympic hero Neal Broten , C , 1981-93 .
The word is sometimes rendered by its English translation '' service '' , may refer to an elaborate formal ritual such as the Eastern Orthodox Divine Liturgy and Roman Catholic Mass , or a daily activity such as the Muslim salatOxford Dictionary of World Religions , p. 582 & ndash ; 3 and Jewish services .
Released in 2004 , the single peaked at # 5 in the USA becoming Maroon 5 's second Top 10 single ; it also peaked at # 4 in the UK .
On 5 February 1638 , the city was besieged by Protestant troops under the command of Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar .
Five is the third prime number .
This series featured guest mediums Gordon Smith , Ian Lawman , Ian Shillito and Kevin Wade .
Insch is a village in Garioch , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
In South Jersey and the Philadelphia region ( as well as Westchester County , NY and Fairfield County , CT ) , October 30 is referred to as '' Mischief Night , '' where mischievous teens rub soap bars on car windows , throw eggs at houses , adorn trees with toilet paper , and run away after ringing doorbells .
Naomi ( pronounced nay-oh-mee ) is a female given name meaning '' enjoyment , pleasure , or gratification '' in Hebrew ( ( Na'omiy ) ) .
Ekiga was initially written by Damien Sandras in order to graduate from the Université catholique de Louvain .
In 1989 , he played for the Paraguayan national team for the first time .
Both hijackers had first class tickets with a connecting flight to Los Angeles , California ; Atta checked in two bags , al-Omari none .
Security of symmetric ciphers Symmetric ciphers have historically been susceptible to known-plaintext attacks , chosen plaintext attacks , differential cryptanalysis and linear cryptanalysis .
GRUB is the reference implementation of the Multiboot Specification , which provides a user the choice to boot one of multiple operating systems installed on a computer , or select a specific kernel configuration available on a particular operating system 's partitions .
The corresponding sort of cell division in prokaryotes is known as binary fission .
On 1 October 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the Grameen Bank ( Village Bank ) to make loans to poor Bangladeshis .
Yantra function as revelatory conduits of cosmic truths .
The same month Chasing Lights climbed the album charts to its new peak of # 9 .
Minorca or Menorca ( Spanish and ; from Latin : Insula Minor , later Minorica '' minor island '' ) is one of the Balearic Islands located in the Mediterranean Sea belonging to Spain .
Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry ( Punjabi , ; ( January 1 , 1904 - June 2 , 1982 ) was the fifth President of Pakistan from August 14 , 1973 until his resignation on September 16 , 1978 .
However , they regard Ali 's acceptance of arbitration at the Battle of Siffin against Muawiya 's rebels as un-Islamic and as rendering him unfit for the Imamate , and they condemn Ali for killing the Muslims of an-Nahr in the Battle of Nahrawan .
January & ndash ; Colonel George Monck with his regiment crosses from Scotland to England at the village of Coldstream and begins his advance towards London in support of the English Restoration .
Their unique blend of bluegrass , rock , country , and Cajun\/Zydeco , which the band calls '' Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass '' , has found favor with the jam band scene .
Regimental Signals Officer ( RSO ) ( Lieutenant or Captain )
Dixon sang bass in Phelps ' group , The Jubilee Singers , a local gospel quartet that regularly appeared on the Vicksburg radio station WQBC .
Otto IV , Holy Roman Emperor is excommunicated by Pope Innocent III for invading southern Italy .
Several steps in the gene expression process may be modulated , including the transcription , RNA splicing , translation , and post-translational modification of a protein .
There are norm maps whenever , and this gives us the data of an inverse system .
Today 's hall is the third to bear this name ; like the second , it is noted for its fine acoustics .
The term Angevin Empire describes a collection of states ruled by the Angevin Plantagenet dynasty .
Even-toed ungulates survived in niche roles , usually occupying marginal habitats , and it is presumably at that time that they developed their complex digestive systems , which allowed them to survive on lower-grade food .
The thought experiment presents a cat that might be alive or dead , depending on an earlier random event .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
André George Previn KBE ( born Andreas Ludwig Priwin ; April 6 , 1929 ) is a German-born naturalised American pianist , conductor , and composer .
He quickly acquired his own ship , Queen Anne 's Revenge , and from 1717 to 1718 became a feared pirate .
Most of the useful or working life of the component is comprised in this stage .
Year 1536 ( MDXXXVI ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The doctrine of implied repeal is a concept in English constitutional theory which states that where an Act of Parliament conflicts with an earlier one , the later Act takes precedence and the conflicting parts of the earlier Act are repealed ( i.e. no longer law ) .
Logan had studied under Constantin Stanislavski , approved of method acting , and was supportive of Monroe .
Las Gordas ( D.M. )
Smokey Bear ( often unofficially referred to as Smokey the Bear , also simply referred to as Smokey ) is a mascot of the United States Forest Service created to educate the public about the dangers of forest fires .
Kurt Schuschnigg became the new chancellor of Austria .
A joint venture between Prada and the De Rigo group was also formed that year to produce Prada eyewear . In October 1999 , Prada joined with LVMH and beat Gucci to buy a 51 % stake in the Rome-based Fendi S.p.A. Prada 's share of the purchase ( 25.5 % ) was worth US$ 241.5 million out of the reported US$ 520 million total paid by both Prada and LVMH .
Even though the heat pump can heat , it still uses the same basic refrigeration cycle to do this .
He is currently the co-owner , general manager , and head coach of the Quebec Remparts of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
He has also released a solo album entitled Flamingo .
FUNimation aired the series , in dubbed English , on their anime television channel as well as on Colours TV .
This article refers to the British conductor Daniel Harding .
Co. , 1907 ) , page 66 When Haiti was divided between a kingdom in the north and a republic in the south , Port-au-Prince was the capital of the republic , under the leadership of Alexandre Pétion .
Terrance Stanley '' Terry '' Fox , CC ( July 28 , 1958 -- June 28 , 1981 ) was a Canadian humanitarian , athlete , and cancer treatment activist .
Because of their slow metabolism , large dragons can survive on as little as 12 meals a year .
-- )
Vahan Totovents was born in Kharpert Totovents in Great Soviet Encyclopedia , Western Armenia ( modern Turkey ) .
January 1 Smoking is banned in all California bars and restaurants .
He was opposed to Spain 's entry into the United Nations because of his opposition to Francisco Franco 's government .
The Ruby Slippers are the magical shoes worn by Dorothy ( played by Judy Garland ) in the 1939 MGM movie The Wizard of Oz .
Welsh is therefore a growing language within Wales .
Their international trophy hall includes three World Club titles ( two as the Intercontinental Cup , and one as the FIFA Club World Championship ) , three Copa Libertadores , two Recopa Sudamericanas , one Copa Conmebol , one Supercopa Sudamericana and one Copa Masters Conmebol .
In tetrapods , the tarsus is a cluster of articulating bones in each foot situated between the lower end of tibia and fibula of the lower leg and the metatarsus .
Despite their name , cuttlefish are not fish but molluscs .
One of its first proponents was Pyrrho of Elis ( c. 360-275 B.C. ) , who traveled and studied as far as India and propounded the adoption of '' practical '' skepticism .
Saral is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
The forearm is the structure and distal region of the upper limb , between the elbow and the wrist .
Aeschylus was one of many Greeks who had been initiated into the Eleusinian Mysteries , a cult to Demeter based in his hometown of Eleusis .
Weighing 65 pounds ( 29.5 kg ) , and standing 3 feet 7 inches ( 1.09 m ) tall , he became the shortest player in the history of the major leagues .
Fr t u ii Vechi is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
July 2 North Vietnam and South Vietnam unite to form the Socialist Republic of Vietnam .
Howlin ' Wolf , Muddy Waters , Willie Dixon , and Jimmy Reed were all born in Mississippi and moved to Chicago during the Great Migration .
The nucleus of the community was established by Flagler 's two luxury resort hotels , the Royal Poinciana Hotel and The Breakers Hotel .
With Erebus the deity of shadow and darkness , Nyx gives birth to Aether ( atmosphere ) and Hemera ( day ) .
See for example in the British Virgin Islands under the Criminal Code , 1997 However , in many of those jurisdictions , it is still possible to bring prosecutions for what is effectively rape by characterizing it as an assault .
It descends from Old Persian and is the linguistic ancestor of Persian .
The gases produced by burning gunpowder generate enough pressure to propel a bullet , but not enough to destroy a gun barrel .
Retrieved on May 12 , 2010 .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo .
Harvey brought heavy rain to Bermuda , with just over 5 inches ( 130 mm ) reported at Bermuda International Airport and caused some flooding of roads .
If a line segment intersects two straight lines forming two interior angles on the same side that sum to less than two right angles , then the two lines , if extended indefinitely , meet on that side on which the angles sum to less than two right angles .
Under the leadership of Heinrich Himmler between 1929 and 1945 , the SS grew from a small paramilitary formation to become one of the largest and most powerful organizations in Nazi Germany .
She won the event earning 193.45 points overall , a score that was more than 20 points ahead of silver medalist Yukari Nakano of Japan .
The name ` Netherlands Antilles ' is still sometimes used to indicate the Caribbean islands which are part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
PBS broadcast 780 episodes over the course of its six seasons from October 25 , 1971 to April 15 , 1977 .
Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in the Chicago suburb of Hillside , Illinois .
The film again starred Donald Duck , who in the course of the film is joined by old friend José Carioca , the cigar-smoking parrot from Saludos Amigos ( 1943 ) representing Brazil , and later makes a new friend in the persona of pistol-packing rooster Panchito Pistoles , representing Mexico .
Ring rust when a wrestler is out-of-practice , and thus more prone to miss spots , as a result of a long period away from wrestling .
It is generally added at the last moment , as cooking quickly destroys the flavour .
Following an Imperial rescript by Empress Gemmei the move of the capital to Heij - ky , present-day Nara , took place in 710 .
Center Hill is located at .
He was also a very strict disciplinarian .
Thomas is one of thirteen Catholic justices -- out of 110 justices total -- in the history of the Supreme Court , and one of six currently on the Court .
In 2000 , Stallone starred in the thriller Get Carter - a remake of the 1971 British Michael Caine film of the same name- but the film was poorly received by both critics and audiences .
Trains operate on the Swanage Railway between Swanage and Norden Park & Ride every weekend and Bank Holiday from mid-February to the end of the year , and every day of the week from April to October ; with Santa Special services in December .
C.
Erny-Saint-Julien is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
( self-governing state in free association with New Zealand )
Scientifically the dragon does exist .
A presentation program , such as Microsoft PowerPoint , Apple Keynote , OpenOffice.org Impress or Prezi , is often used to generate the presentation content .
A chain of schools was established in Guangzhou , Taishan , Jiangmen and Hong Kong .
Urolagnia ( also urophilia , undinism , golden shower and watersports ) is a paraphilia in which sexual excitement is associated with the sight or thought of urine or urination .
In many minor rugby nations , such as the case of rugby union in Poland , development , has tended to concentrate on rugby sevens as a means of introducing the sport to people .
In early 2005 , Warner signed a one-year , $ 4-million contract with the Arizona Cardinals , and was quickly named the starter by coach Dennis Green .
Many models are the direct-gain type , consisting of flat panels in which water circulates .
Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area , California , in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany ( lead guitar ) , Dennis Pepa ( vocals , bass ) , Gus Pepa ( rhythm guitar ) , and Andy Galeon ( drums ) .
Allmusic link
The tree and its fruit give its name to the plant family , which also includes species such as lilacs , jasmine , Forsythia and the true ash trees ( Fraxinus ) .
Spencer-Brown was influenced by Wittgenstein and R. D. Laing . LoF also echoes a number of themes from the writings of Charles Sanders Peirce , Bertrand Russell , and Alfred North Whitehead .
King Mindaugas of Lithuania renounces Christianity , returning to his pagan roots and reverting to Grand Duke of Lithuania .
Clevedon is a town in North Somerset , England .
Please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes ( ~ ~ ~ ~ ) ; this will automatically produce your name and the date .
The cell membrane consists primarily of a thin layer of amphipathic phospholipids which spontaneously arrange so that the hydrophobic '' tail '' regions are shielded from the surrounding polar fluid , causing the more hydrophilic '' head '' regions to associate with the cytosolic and extracellular faces of the resulting bilayer .
Substances or foods irradiated with electrons or electromagnetic radiation ( such as microwave , X-ray or gamma ) are not carcinogenic .
( For rationale , see : crypto . )
Regina ( '' rej-eye-na '' ) is the capital of Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
Gosport , Lennox and Addington County , Ontario
May 5 & ndash ; King Afonso III of Portugal ( d. 1279 )
If used fresh , it is usually grilled , steamed , or mixed with eggs and fried to form a custard-like dish called '' Ashpal Kuku '' .
Pattoki Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Kasur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
He left Grey Daze in 1998 , but struggled to find another band to play in .
For example , '' no human lives forever '' is not falsifiable since it does not seem possible to prove wrong .
The school has an air rifle range and an aesthetics room .
The Wire-crested Thorntail ( Discosura popelairii ) is a hummingbird which occurs in Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
Le Temple is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Alban Maria Johannes Berg ( February 9 , 1885 -- December 24 , 1935 ) was an Austrian composer .
Overview It was contested by 12 teams , and Al-Shabab ( United Arab Emirates ) won the championship .
History The adjective Cartesian refers to the French mathematician and philosopher René Descartes ( who used the name Cartesius in Latin ) .
The current music director is Michael Tilson Thomas , who has held the position since September 1995 .
Parallel @ Illinois , University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
Manning is a city in Carroll County , Iowa , United States , along Iowa Highway 141 .
Their last common ancestor had at most a very simple photoreceptive spot , but a range of processes led to the progressive refinement of this structure to the advanced camera eye - with one subtle difference : The cephalopod eye is '' wired '' in the opposite direction , with blood and nerve vessels entering from the back of the retina , rather than the front as in vertebrates .
Stanton G.R. Athenian Politics c800-500BC : A Sourcebook , Routledge , London (/O1990/O) , p. 36 .
In his contract was purchased by the New York Giants .
Also known as the marsmon named after him The month of March is inspired by this god 's name .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
According to the discovery team , the pattern of depletion is best explained by assuming the electrons are absorbed by solid material in the form of an equatorial disk , which contains within it several denser rings or arcs , of particles perhaps several decimeters to approximately a meter in diameter .
In 1993 , the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs suggested the name Czechia as an official alternative in all situations other than formal official documents and the full names of government institutions ; however , this has not become widespread in English , even though most other languages have single-word names for the country ( usually their own variants of '' Czechia '' ) .
Countries will be drawn from each pot to determine whether they will compete in either the first or second semi-final and as in 2010 , which half of the semi-final they will perform , in order for delegations to know when rehearsals will begin for their respective countries .
The first was to start a violent , armed struggle ( bombings , and robberies ) against the government .
Nicholas William Peter '' Nick '' Clegg ( born 7 January 1967 ) is a British politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Lord President of the Council and Minister for Constitutional and Political Reform in the UK coalition government of David Cameron .
The Zanskar Gorge is found in the Zanskar region of Indian-administered Kashmir .
The era of the tosafot ( medieval commentators on the Talmud ) ends ( began 1100 ) .
The town was renamed to Sudauen and incorporated directly into the German Reich 's East Prussia .
As changes to the Bank 's Charter require an 85 % super-majority , the US can block any major change in the Bank 's governing structure .
The ancient city stood five miles ( 8 km ) east of the Nile north of the apex of the Delta .
A donkey voter is someone who votes for candidates based solely upon the order they are listed on the ballot paper .
Unfortunately , other than its orbit , radius of 53 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
Tincques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the race , he finished in seventh place , but was disqualified after the race for having an underweight car . Villeneuve decided to leave the BMW Sauber team soon after the race , and Kubica 's position in the team for the remainder of the season was confirmed by BMW .
The gang is widely known for its rivalry with the Crips .
The term is often used to refer to a unit that is assigned to a different base from the parent unit .
This would improve the football ground 's transport links , seen as essential if the club 's wish to redevelop their ground and increase crowd capacity is to become a reality .
Detroit Lions v. National Football League , 41 The NFL is by far the most attended domestic sports league in the world by average attendance per game , with 67,509 fans per game in the latest regular season (/O2009/O) .
Veganism is a philosophy and lifestyle whose adherents seek to exclude the use of animals for food , clothing , or any other purpose .
The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , under the Local Government Act 1972 , from the Municipal Borough of Abingdon , Wantage Urban District , Abingdon Rural District , Faringdon Rural District and part of the Wantage Rural District of Berkshire .
The GCV will be operable with the current battle command control and communications suite but would gradually use a more state-of-the-art networked integration system known as the BCT Network .
As described by Johann Gutsmuths , '' englische Base-ball '' involved a contest between two teams , in which '' the batter has three attempts to hit the ball while at the home plate '' .
Shortly thereafter , Quint died under mysterious circumstances on an icy road near Bly House .
Because of the equatorial bulge , the feature farthest from the center of the Earth is actually Mount Chimborazo in Ecuador .
Battle system There are five characters the player can control in battle : Mario , Mallow , Geno , Bowser , and Princess Toadstool .
The gazelle species are classified in the Gazella , Eudorcas and Nanger .
During the period of December 5 -- 11 , 1974 , the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for U Thant on the grounds of the RUSU and gave anti-government speeches .
This name originated with their first discovery in the 18th century because of their similarity in appearance to giant planets when viewed through small optical telescopes , and is otherwise unrelated to the planets of the solar system .
To date , Bad Religion has released fourteen studio albums , two EPs , three compilation albums , one live recording , and two DVDs .
The park is considered one of the largest ( in terms of covered area ) in South East Asia .
The redbud is the state tree of Oklahoma .
Water transportation has its node on Lake Zug at Zug .
Similarly , ( 0.6 % ) , with a half life of is not usually considered to be radioactive .
Loud is the fifth studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , released November 12 , 2010 on Def Jam Recordings .
The SS , through its intelligence arm , the Security Service ( Sicherheitsdienst , or SD ) , dealt with Jews , Gypsies , communists and those persons of any other cultural , racial , political or religious affiliation deemed by the Nazis to be either Untermensch ( sub-human ) or in opposition to the regime , and placing them in concentration camps .
The most notable of the latter was the Edinburgh 50,000 - The Final Push concert as part of Live 8 .
Still , it required more time and materials to create a nagamaki than spears or naginata , this is why it was not as widely used .
The country 's second seaport , Mongla Port , and the country 's only ship building yard is located within Khulna division .
Gusts as strong as 101 mph ( 165 km/h ) were witnessed at Fisterra .
Latsabidze is one of the youngest pianists who has performed and recorded live 24 of the Chopin Etudes and the Preludes as well as all 12 of the Transcendental Etudes of Franz Liszt .
It is the smallest of the birds called '' swans '' , but still a large species of waterfowl , averaging 4.2 kg ( 9.3 lbs ) , 1 m ( 3.3 ft ) long and 1.57 m ( 5.2 ft ) across the wings .
Opponents , such as Greenpeace International and NIRS , believe that nuclear power poses many threats to people and the environment .
When Eris received its official name from the IAU , the moon received the name Dysnomia , after the Greek goddess of lawlessness who was Eris 's daughter .
South Africa are the current World champions , having won the 2007 Rugby World Cup Final in France on 20 October 2007 with victory over England , the 2003 World Champions and current runners-up .
one can easily find the elements in a given range ( e.g. countries with an area between .
This mirrors the portrayal of Ratri ( night ) in the Rig-Veda , where she works in close cooperation but also tension with her sister Ushas ( dawn ) .
Other games organised by the association include Rounders and Gaelic handball .
Belley
Humulus , Hop , is a small genus of flowering plants native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
Baltimore Ravens ( -- present )
He delivered his first judicial speeches at the age of 20 , in which he argued effectively to gain from his guardians what was left of his inheritance .
John Willoughby -- a philandering nephew of a neighbour of the Middletons , a dashing figure who charms Marianne and shares her artistic and cultural sensibilities .
The seeds are embedded in the common flesh of the ovary .
Julie Taymor ( born December 15 , 1952 ) is an American director of theater , opera and film .
In Ancient Athenian Democracy sortition was the primary method for appointing officials , a system that was thought to be one of the principal characteristics of democracy .
Leonard Constant Lambert ( 23 August 190521 August 1951 ) was a British composer and conductor .
The University was founded in 1868 in a merger of the private College of California and the public Agricultural , Mining , and Mechanical Arts College .
Tenenbaum narrates what occurred , condemning Jack and his actions , voice thick with anger and contempt .
The battery backed cache on a RAID controller is one solution to have a safe write-back cache .
The most recent film is 1997 's Anastasia , an animated musical adaptation of the story of Anastasia 's fictional escape from Russia and her subsequent quest for recognition .
Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .
Though it was first released on The Used 's MySpace in late 2006 , most fans talked about it on message boards and thought of it as a joke ; it was not expected to actually be on the album .
Pope Honorius III officially approves the Order of Preachers ( the Dominican Order ) .
Selenium is found in economic quantities in sulfide ores such as pyrite , partially replacing the sulfur in the ore matrix .
This turn in form also attributed to Bouma reclaiming his place in the Dutch National Team , playing in the friendly against Russia in February 2007 , the tour of Asia in June 2007 and the following UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying fixtures .
His family was wealthy and well established ; his father Euphorion was a member of the Eupatridae , the ancient nobility of Attica .
Applications Masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments .
Rockstar Vienna also packaged the game with its predecessor , Grand Theft Auto III , and sold it as Grand Theft Auto : Double Pack for the Xbox . Vice Citys setting is also revisited in Grand Theft Auto : Vice City Stories , which serves as a prequel to events in Vice City .
The total area is 24.48 km which gives a population density of 597 inhabitants per km .
It began on September 29 , 2007 , with the regular season ending April 6 , 2008 .
Other games organised by the association include Rounders and Gaelic handball .
It featured the 1962 World Championship of Drivers and the 1962 International Cup for F1 Manufacturers FIA Yearbook 1974 , Grey Section , pages 118-121 which were contested concurrently over a nine race series that commenced on May 20 and ended on December 29 .
It is the brother school of the City of London School for Girls ( a girls ' school within the City ) and of the co-educational City of London Freemen 's School ( a day and boarding school in Surrey ) .
Because of its limited print , however , it has become extremely valuable and rare to her fans .
The FBI was established in 1908 as the Bureau of Investigation ( BOI ) .
The moment of inertia plays much the same role in rotational dynamics as mass does in linear dynamics , describing the relationship between angular momentum and angular velocity , torque and angular acceleration , and several other quantities .
The 14th century eruption of the Black Death had a drastic effect on Europe 's population , irrevocably changing the social structure .
Pistosaurus longaevus is an extinct genus of aquatic sauropterygian reptile closely related to plesiosaurs .
The archerfish ( Spinner Fish or Archer Fish ) are a family ( Toxotidae ) of fish known for their habit of preying on land based insects and other small animals by literally shooting them down with water droplets from their specialized mouths .
She is the daughter of Margaret Thatcher , Baroness Thatcher , a former British Prime Minister , and Sir Denis Thatcher , Bt .
The three novels are titled Spider Riders : Shards of the Oracle , Spider Riders : Reign of the Soul Eater , and Spider Riders : Quest of the Earthen .
Prince Andrey Bogolyubskiy sacks the Kievan Rus ' capital Kiev and makes Vladimir the capital .
Harrison , Mark (/O2003/O) .
Also , in 2005 , a law was passed in Indiana requiring all public schools to give students a chance to say the pledge of allegiance and observe a moment of silence every day .
There are two primary ways to do this -- via sheer mass , and by '' hooking '' into the seabed .
Nauru 's climate is hot and very humid year-round - because of the proximity of the island to the Equator and the ocean . Nauru is hit by monsoon rains between November and February .
Entoprocta , whose name means '' anus inside '' , is a phylum of mostly sessile aquatic animals , ranging from long .
Henry Walter Bates FRS FLS FGS ( Leicester , 8 February 1825 & ndash ; London , 16 February 1892 ) was an English naturalist and explorer who gave the first scientific account of mimicry in animals .
Population As of the 2002 census the municipality had 35,654 inhabitants , 16,270 living in the city itself and 19,384 in its rural districts , making the urban population the 45.63 % of the total population .
In 1955 Clokey showed Gumbasia to movie producer Sam Engel , who encouraged him to develop his technique by adding figures .
In the 1980s , it was discovered that M. cerebralis needs to infect a tubificid oligochaete ( a kind of segmented worm ) to complete its life-cycle .
Several processes may be associated with the same program ; for example , opening up several instances of the same program often means more than one process is being executed .
The demo tape , titled Flyswatter , was recorded in May 1993 in Raynor 's bedroom .
Children seeing nudity Attitudes toward children seeing nude people , other than their parents , vary substantially , depending on the child 's culture , age and the context of the nudity .
He was part of the famous trio of the late 1960s and early 1970s alongside Francis Lee and Mike Summerbee .
The match was between a Celtic side drawn from their 1998 title winning squad and a Motherwell side drawn from their 1991 Scottish Cup win .
John Paul Jones - Bass guitarist Led Zeppelin .
Bobby Ballenger is starting a new school a thousand miles from his old home .
Stockport is the largest settlement of the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport , and has a population of 136,082 , the wider borough having 281,000 .
The Billy Graham Center also hosts the Billy Graham Center Ministries .
Agy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Pleak is a village in Fort Bend County , Texas , United States and a part of the Houston Metropolitan Area .
Plot Good Night , and Good Luck .
Cera finds Sharptooth 's body , and thinking him to be dead , pokes fun at him until he awakens , having only been in a coma , causing Cera to flee in terror .
Lake City is the county seat of Columbia County , Florida , in the United States .
Pygmy is a term used for various ethnic groups worldwide whose average height is unusually low ; anthropologists define pygmy as any group whose adult men grow to less than 150 cm ( 4 feet 11 inches ) in average height .
Starting in the late 1970s inkjet printers that could reproduce digital images generated by computers were developed , mainly by Epson , Hewlett-Packard and Canon .
A vast number of traditional herbal remedies were recommended for '' rheumatism '' .
At the beginning of July 2008 , his younger brother Norum Yobo was kidnapped in Port Harcourt , Rivers State , Nigeria and held for ransom .
As with the right to freedom of expression , the right to privacy is a recognized human right and freedom of information acts as an extension to this right .
Face ( 1997 ) is a British crime drama directed by Antonia Bird and written by Ronan Bennett .
It was established on 1 December 1918 by the union of the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs and the Kingdom of Serbia ( to which the Kingdom of Montenegro was annexed on 13 November 1918 , and the Conference of Ambassadors in Paris gave international recognition to the union on 13 July 1922 ) .
He led the Canucks in scoring through the early part of the season , until a fractured jaw forced him to miss 20 games .
Vaisges is a commune in the Mayenne department and Pays de la Loire region of France .
Donahue arrived in January 1825 with 200 other convicts and was assigned to work as a servant to a settler named John Pagan on a farm at Parramatta .
In the broadest sense , it is the study of how differences in an input can affect the resultant difference at the output .
Brian Joubert ( born September 20 , 1984 ) is a French figure skater .
Year 33 ( XXXIII ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
This metal leaf is often referred to as imitation leaf .
Chrisman is a city in Ross Township , Edgar County , Illinois , United States .
Steven Taylor , one of the First Doctor 's companions in the British TV series Doctor Who
Annette Francine Bening ( born May 29 , 1958 ) is an American actress .
or dimensions of the photosensor for digital cameras .
While Death Angel was touring in support of Act III , drummer Andy Galeon was injured in a tour bus accident , needing more than a year to fully recover .
March 7\/9 & ndash ; Battle of Shimbra Kure : Imam Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi , with 200 men armed with matchlocks , defeats the army of Lebna Dengel , Emperor of Ethiopia .
Their works on hyperbolic geometry had a considerable influence on its development among later European geometers , including Witelo , Gersonides , Alfonso , John Wallis and Saccheri .
He was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as the villainous Tommy Udo in his debut film , Kiss of Death .
For each integer m ) 2 there is a code with m parity bits and 2 ^ m-m-1 data bits .
Considered one of the best football players of his generation and frequently cited as the world 's best contemporary player , Messi received several Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year nominations by the age of 21 and won both by the age of 22 .
He also made appearances on various television shows , including Nash Bridges , The Pretender , The Practice , The X-Files , ER and The O.C. .
Nuclear weapons proliferation continues to occur , notably in Pakistan and North Korea , building on facilities and expertise from civilian nuclear operations .
Bouffignereux is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Impi Linux South African and focuses on the enterprise and government sector .
Surveying techniques have existed throughout much of recorded history .
Early amplified guitars employed a hollow body , but a solid body was found more suitable .
During his long career , Millen played primarily as a defender for St Johnstone , Alloa Athletic , Hamilton Accies , Kilmarnock , Hibernian , Raith Rovers , Ayr United , Greenock Morton , Clyde and finished his career with St. Mirren in the Scottish Premier League .
The EAN-13 barcode is defined by the standards organization GS1 .
Skiing in Zermatt is split up into four areas ; Sunnegga , Gornergrat , Klein Matterhorn and Schwarzsee .
Governments often place restrictions on private postal delivery systems .
Predominantly infecting humans and other primates , E. histolytica is estimated to infect about 50 million people worldwide .
The scattered disc ( or scattered disk ) is a distant region of the Solar System that is sparsely populated by icy minor planets , a subset of the broader family of trans-Neptunian objects .
She has appeared in over 100 adult films since 2006 , and in 2009 won the Urban X Award for Porn Star of the Year .
The new company , Famous Players-Lasky Corporation , grew quickly , with Lasky and his partners Goldfish and DeMille running the production side , Hiram Abrams in charge of distribution , and Zukor making great plans .
Frederick North , 2nd Earl of Guilford , KG , PC ( 13 April 1732 5 August 1792 ) , more often known by his courtesy title , Lord North , which he used from 1752 until 1790 , was Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1770 to 1782 .
Two dwarf species , named Orcinus nanus and Orcinus glacialis , were described during the 1980s by Soviet researchers , but most cetacean researchers are skeptical about their status , and it is difficult to link these directly to the types described below .
For instance , the set of real numbers has greater cardinality than the set of natural numbers .
Dennis R. Hoover , A Religious Right Arrives in Canada , RELIGION IN THE NEWS , Summer 2000 , Vol .
A planned or constructed language -- known colloquially or informally as a conlang -- is a language whose phonology , grammar , and\/or vocabulary have been consciously devised by an individual or group , instead of having evolved naturally .
He had previously served as Governor of Western Australia ( 1993 - 2000 ) .
In 1945 , Schwarzkopf was granted Austrian citizenship to enable her to sing in the Vienna State Opera ( Wiener Staatsoper ) .
In the latter case , typically both the pass and the ticket has to be shown at the ticket check .
Due to the low salary of the independent shows , James supplemented her income by working as a waitress at an Olive Garden restaurant .
While Ijiraq is a member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites , recent observations revealed that Ijiraq is distinctively redder than Paaliaq , Siarnaq and Kiviuq .
After the Kristallnacht in Nazi Germany , Allende and other members of the Parliament sent a telegram to Adolf Hitler denouncing the persecution of JewsTelegram protesting against the persecution of Jews in Germany on Clarin 's website .
Some editors may think they are protecting the article from vandalism , and may respond to any changes with hostility .
Mega Man 5 , known as Rockman 5 Blues no Wana ? !
Sarah Broadhead , a wife and mother living in the town , wrote her fears that '' we shall be visited with pestilence '' .
For other holders of the title , see Marquess of Salisbury .
, something like contemporary hamster cages .
References See also Pest Use of DNA in forensic entomology Whale louse , unrelated crustaceans that live parasitically on marine mammals External links Lice Pest Control Information - National Pesticide Information Center Bed-hopping led humans to 3 million-year itch www.phthiraptera.org has extensive scientific information .
Mark Copani , ( born April 16 , 1980 ) is a retired professional wrestler , best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the ring name Muhammad Hassan .
One of the panj kakaar ( five articles of faith ) that Sikh men wear is a type of underpants called the kaccha , which are similar to boxer shorts .
Last update : 20 February 2010
It was originally aired on November 12 , 2008 .
Protarchaeopteryx is a genus of turkey-sized feathered theropod dinosaur from China .
Wolves finally secured him on a permanent transfer at a cost of # 3 million , on a four and a half year deal .
From 1962-65 , Ford hosted a daytime talk\/variety show , The Tennessee Ernie Ford Show ( later known as Hello , Peapickers ) from KGO-TV in San Francisco , broadcast over the ABC television network .
The city is also the seat of the Bialystok-Gdansk Diocese of the Autocephalous Polish Orthodox Church .
Harlan Jay Ellison ( born May 27 , 1934 ) is an American writer .
Naming dispute In response to pressure from AOL , the program was renamed to the acronymous-but-lowercase gaim .
She rose to fame in teenage popular culture via her roles in the Fox series Party of Five , as Sarah Reeves , and the films I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel , as Julie James .
Javron-les-Chapelles is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Tollense is 68 km long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin .
, both with Baz Luhrmann .
Nothing of a general movement had been inaugurated , except for similarities found in the devotion to the Five Wounds by the Franciscans , in which the wound in Jesus 's heart figured most prominently .
Mother Teresa ( 26 August 1910 - 5 September 1997 ) , born Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu ( pronounced ) , was a Catholic nun of Albanian ethnicity and Indian citizenship , who founded the Missionaries of Charity in Calcutta , India in 1950 .
Due to the crime rate , the couple decides to move to a larger house in the safer neighborhood of Boca Raton , where Marley delights in swimming in the backyard pool .
Daniel Pouliot - drums ( 2008 -- Present )
Houyet is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
History In May 1972 , William Millard began business individually as IMS Associates ( IMS ) in the area of computer consultancy and engineering , using his home as an office .
Today , in the interest of safety due to consumption of raw eggs , pies of this nature are usually baked for a short time .
An ordered list of preparation steps
(/O1/O) : '' strive for a society that overcomes class antagonisms '' , '' only the advancement of political to economic , and therefore social , democracy establishes the precondition for the realization of our basic principles '' Social corporatismGerassimos Moschonas , Gregory Elliot ( translator ) .
Scene 10 : The Strolling Players On the hotel terrace after dinner , the guests assemble to watch the players .
They are slow-growing , evergreen shrubs or short trees , from tall , with sparse branches , sometimes bearing small thorns .
This phenomenon is known as a deletion anomaly .
He based his account on an interview with Crazy Horse 's relative and rival , Little Big Man , who was present at Crazy Horse 's arrest and wounding . The interview took place over a year after Crazy Horse 's death .
Dordogne is the third largest department of France .
The university fortified its reputation for research in 1920 by reorganizing the College of Engineering and forming a potent advisory committee of 100 industrialists to guide academic research initiatives .
However , the AFL owners selected Oakland after Los Angeles Chargers owner Barron Hilton threatened to forfeit his franchise unless a second team was placed on the West Coast .
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling .
The film has the episodic quality of a road movie as much of the exposition thus takes place in the midst of the family 's relocations .
Spike may refer to :
The first laptop was probably invented in 1969 by .
Pennedepie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
This conception of centrifugal force is very different from the fictitious force .
He is also known for his role in Withnail and I , and for portraying the Eighth Doctor in the 1996 Doctor Who television movie and subsequent tie-in media .
Rodgers announced in May 2009 that the ` Queen + Paul Rodgers ' collaboration had come to an end , saying '' it was never meant to be a permanent arrangement '' .
A continent is one of several large landmasses on Earth .
Zachary Taylor ( November 24 , 1784 - July 9 , 1850 ) was the 12th President of the United States ( 1849-1850 ) and an American military leader .
Lesges is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Many whales exhibit behaviors such as breaching and tail slapping that expose large parts of their bodies to the air .
Red Bend Catholic College at Forbes is a co-educational high school , with the campus at the site of the former Marist Brothers ' College , on the banks of the Lachlan River .
Andreas Bernd Baader ( 6 May 1943 -- 18 October 1977 ) was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction , also commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof group .
Eternal flame , a constantly burning flame
The Pride of Erin Festival and Yass Show are held in March and the Yass Arts-and-Crafts Festival in November .
Current researchers find regulatory events at every conceivable level of the processes that express genetic information .
It is over three-thousand years old , and is said to be the world 's fastest field game , combining skills from lacrosse , field hockey , and baseball in a hard-hitting , highly skilled game .
The first former constable to be appointed Commissioner of Police of the City of London , in March 1950 , Young entrenched there his reputation as '' the policeman 's policeman '' .
Golfers play at the course of the Mansfield Golf Club on Kidston Parade .
It was released through Reprise Records on October 3 , 2000 .
Andrew Soltis , Chess Lists Second Edition , 2002 , McFarland & Company , Jefferson , North Carolina and London , pp .
In the southern hemisphere , the name mollymawk is still well established in some areas , which is a corrupted form of malle-mugge , an old Dutch name for the Northern Fulmar .
Cramaille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The term is also used to denote the climate encountered in regions too dry to support a forest , but not dry enough to be a desert .
The gearbox provided three forward and reverse gears in either high or low range , with top speed ranging from 5 mph ( 8 km/h ) in 1st gear , low range up to 36 mph ( 58 km/h ) .
On June 12 the song soared to # 1 , jumping 26 spots from # 27 position .
Xena : Warrior Princess is an American supernatural fantasy adventure series that aired in syndication from September 4 , 1995 until June 18 , 2001 .
Because of the indigestible components of plants such as raw cellulose and starch , certain parts of the plant such as stems , mature leaves , enlarged roots , and tubers would not have been part of the hominid diet prior to the advent of fire .
This is generally reckoned the most successful and deeply considered compilation of open problems ever to be produced by an individual mathematician .
The first one to be founded was the Arthur Ransome Club in Japan .
The hind wing is yellow-orange in males and white in females .
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
Hertha was banned from play against East German teams in the 1949-50 season after taking on several players and a coach who had fled the Dresden club SG Friedrichstadt for West Berlin .
The name came from two meaning .
Its natural habitats are temperate forests , rivers , swamps , freshwater springs , and irrigated land .
He started dating fellow student Cindy Silva in March 1975 , and their subsequent marriage three years later produced three children : Annie ( born in 1984 ) , Lily ( born in 1986 ) , and Joe ( born in 1988 ) .
Founded in 1 June 1905 , it currently plays in Spanish first division .
Horrors also frequently overlap with the thriller genre .
He beats Brandon 's wife , Brenda ( Rebecca Chan ) , in a case , and started working there .
Valves are technically pipe fittings , but are usually discussed as a separate category .
Refraction of light is the most commonly observed phenomenon , but any type of wave can refract when it interacts with a medium , for example when sound waves pass from one medium into another or when water waves move into water of a different depth .
Background History of war 's name The war was commonly referred to as the Gulf War or Persian Gulf War until the Iraq-Kuwait conflict ( Operation Desert Storm Jan-Feb 1991 ) , and for a while thereafter as the First Persian Gulf War .
They are found in all regions of the Earth except Antarctica , most of Greenland and some remote islands .
Ganesha has the head of an elephant and a big belly .
His early works , such as Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka , were heavily influenced by his Ukrainian upbringing and identity .
Aida was first performed at the Khedivial Opera House in Cairo on 24 December 1871 , conducted by Giovanni Bottesini .
Robert Esche ( born January 22 , 1978 in Whitesboro , New York ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for SKA Saint Petersburg of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Jacqueline Jill '' Jacqui '' Smith ( born 3 November 1962 ) is a member of the British Labor Party .
Born in Yokosuka , Kanagawa prefecture on January 8 , 1942 , Koizumi was educated at Yokosuka High School and Keio University , where he studied economics .
Compliance risks In addition to the malicious code threat , the use of instant messaging at work also creates a risk of non-compliance to laws and regulations governing the use of electronic communications in businesses .
The first production Countach was delivered to an Australian in 1974 .
Berikon is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
According to certain Euclidean space perceptions , the universe has three dimensions of space and one dimension of time .
The current mayor is Karl Bonny .
Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees , native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere , in Asia ( where the greatest species diversity is found ) , Europe and eastern North America ; it is not native to western North America .
Throughout the game , the player is accompanied by a nameless dog that laughs at the player if no duck is hit , and congratulates the player if a duck is hit .
He founded Thomas Heatherwick Studio ( now called just Heatherwick Studio ) in 1994 with his aim being '' to bring architecture , design and sculpture together within a single practice '' .
(/O1979/O) .
The Rashidun Caliphate ( ) , comprising the first four caliphs in Islam 's history , was founded after Muhammad 's death in 632 .
The City of Coral Springs was chartered on July 10 , 1963 .
The Dalai Lama ( ; ) is a Buddhist leader of religious officials of the Gelug or '' Yellow Hat '' branch of Tibetan Buddhism .
Following their liberation by the Persian conqueror , Cyrus The Great , Judean exiles returned to Jerusalem early in the following Persian period , inaugurating the formative period in the development of a distinctive Judahite identity in the Persian province of Yehud .
She resided on the island alone for 18 years before she was found by Captain George Nidever and his crew in 1853 and brought back to Santa Barbara .
The hurricane matched the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record ( it has since dropped to seventh ) .
The failure of Germany to achieve its objectives of destroying Britain 's air defences , or forcing Britain to negotiate an armistice or an outright surrender , is considered its first major defeat and one of the crucial turning points in the war .
The state is a political and geopolitical entity ; the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity .
His major works include the novels Querelle of Brest , The Thief 's Journal , and Our Lady of the Flowers , and the plays The Balcony , The Blacks , The Maids and The Screens .
Webster 's New World College Dictionary , 4th Edition ; Oxford English Dictionary .
An intensive care unit ( ICU ) , critical care unit ( CCU ) , intensive therapy unit or intensive treatment unit ( ITU ) is a specialized department used in many countries ' hospitals that provides intensive care medicine .
However , most scholars think Dionysius placed the birth of Jesus in the previous year , 1 BC .
The Cape May Bird Observatory , as part of the New Jersey Audubon Society , also helps to organize the World Series of Birding each May .
The only video game that Ash has truly appeared in to date is Pokémon Puzzle League , where he tries to become a Pokémon Puzzle Master .
Weight training is a common type of strength training for developing the strength and size of skeletal muscles .
Skip O'Pot2Mus -- drums ( 1993 -- 1995 )
A number of species manage to live on sub-Antarctic islands like South Georgia and the Auckland Islands .
It was released in North America on February 20 , 2007 , and worldwide by February 23 , 2007 .
One of the ideas was Cow and Chicken .
An academic and former Foreign Minister of Egypt , Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several world crises , including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan Genocide .
The line of march was now stretched out perilously long - estimates are that it surpassed 15 km ( 9 miles ) , and was perhaps as long as 20 km ( 12 miles ) .
Scotland ( Scottish Gaelic : Alba ) is a state of the United Kingdom ( UK ) .
In the book , he is a sleepy , serious bear who taught Mowgli the Law of the Jungle .
Professional & semi professional sports teams include : Leicester Tigers ( rugby union ) , Leicester City ( football ) , Leicester Coritanian A.C. ( Athletics ) , and the Leicestershire County Cricket Club .
In 2009 , they moved into a new stadium , also called '' Yankee Stadium '' .
Over the course of the following decade their landscape painting excursions together , in Louveciennes and Pontoise , led to a collaborative working relationship between equals .
The 2002 event featured the Raw and SmackDown !
The series premiered on January 22 , 2003 on the American cable television network Comedy Central .
Two types of chambers are contemplated by Article 26 : firstly , chambers for special categories of cases , and second , the formation of ad hoc chambers to hear particular disputes .
Dungannon is a medium-sized town in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
It is often referred to in the West by the more casual title , '' Tibetan Book of the Dead '' , a name which draws a parallel with the ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead , another funerary text .
Faith No More have also been described as funk metal that dabbled in rap-metal .
Meatballs are usually prepared and rolled by hand , and are cooked by frying , baking , steaming , or braising in sauce .
January 28 -- STS-51-L : Space Shuttle Challenger disintegrates 73 seconds after launch , killing the crew of 7 astronauts , including schoolteacher Christa McAuliffe ( see Space Shuttle Challenger disaster ) .
In 1976 , De Laurentiis relocated to the USA where he set up studios , eventually creating his own studio De Laurentiis Entertainment Group ( DEG ) based in Wilmington , North Carolina ; the building of the studio quickly made Wilmington a busy center of film and television production .
In Scotland , the bank operates as Lloyds TSB Scotland Plc./ORGANIZATION. Following the acquisition of HBOS in 2008 , the parent Lloyds TSB Group was renamed Lloyds Banking Group .
Ernest Gary Gygax ( July 27 , 1938 - March 4 , 2008 ; last name pronounced ) was an American writer and game designer best known for co-creating the pioneering role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons ( D&D ) with Dave Arneson .
The team interrupted the first ever Carlito 's Cabana interview segment , where one half of the WWE Tag Team Champions , Rey Mysterio , was a guest .
Hatred for Lincoln 's draft climaxed just ten days after the Battle of Gettysburg with the New York Draft Riots .
They orbit each other with a period of 15.4 hours , which roughly indicates that the binary is very close -- the separation being of the order of 10 -- 20 km , if typical asteroid albedo and density values are assumed .
Jorge Alberto Francisco Valdano Castellanos ( born October 4 , 1955 in Las Parejas , Santa Fe Province ) is an Argentine former football player and the current General Manager of Real Madrid CF .
The gut flora can prevent the colonization of pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or attachment to cell surfaces .
Lomana Trésor LuaLua ( , born 28 December 1980 ) is a footballer who plays for Cypriot side AC Omonia and the Congo DR national football team .
Whaling is the hunting of whales mainly for meat and oil .
In Germanic paganism , Baduhenna is a goddess .
A handcart is pulled or pushed by one or more people .
Braille was devised in 1821 by Louis Braille , a blind Frenchman .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2004 from pictures taken in 2003 , and originally received the temporary designation .
Intended for consumption during physically active occasions , Gatorade beverages are formulated to rehydrate and replenish fluid , carbohydrates and electrolytes .
Le Chevain is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The processor family used a more advanced version of the Intel P6 microarchitecture .
Joseph Addison ( 1 May 1672 - 17 June 1719 ) was an English essayist , poet , playwright and politician .
Canberra ( ) is the capital city of Australia .
Kontich ( old spelling : Contich ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Today , the well 's original depth is only about 20 ' / 6m at best after wet weather and is unfit for drinking .
Aguilera refers to the lock up mentioned in the beginning of the song to her being a prisoner of her dreams .
The term can describe stories focused primarily on character and emotion ; SFWA Grand Master Ray Bradbury is an acknowledged master of this art .
Painter is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
It can refer to discrete-time signals that have a discrete number of levels , for example a sampled and quantified analog signal , or to the continuous-time waveform signals in a digital system , representing a bit-stream .
The San Joaquin River 's tributaries include the Stanislaus River , Tuolumne River , Merced River , Calaveras River and Mokelumne River .
The All Jammu and Kashmir National Conference , led by Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah , espoused a secular ideology and wished to create a secular , democratic but independent Kashmir with close ties to India .
If a child lives with both parents , each parent shares '' joint physical custody '' and each parent is said to be a '' custodial parent '' .
She also restored the original Precinct of Mut , the ancient great goddess of Egypt , at Karnak that had been ravaged by the foreign rulers during the Hyksos occupation .
Sukkur , originally Khairpur , was a division of Pakistan until the divisions of Pakistan were dissolved in 2000 .
They were often touring during his childhood , and he was brought up in Trieste for the most part .
Yaropolk Rostislavich , Russian Grand Prince
Al Jean ( born January 9 , 1961 Detroit , Michigan ) is an American screenwriter and producer , best known for his work on The Simpsons .
Most days with the yellow jersey in the Tour de France : 96 .
CTW produced the show at Teletape Studios Second Stage in Manhattan .
Lifespan The average lifespan of a mink is 8 years in captivity , with the maximum being 10 years .
Heurtevent is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The Coscoroba Swan , Coscoroba coscoroba , is the smallest species of swan .
On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic , which became commonly referred to as ( East Germany ) , was established in the Soviet Occupation Zone .
Lido Vieri ( born 16 July 1939 in Piombino ) is a former Italian football goalkeeper .
Tamon Machida is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sony Sendai F.C. .
The peculiarities of the Greek system are further evidenced by the colonies that they set up throughout the Mediterranean Sea , which , though they might count a certain Greek polis as their ` mother ' ( and remain sympathetic to her ) , were completely independent of the founding city .
Birds can act as vectors for spreading diseases such as psittacosis , salmonellosis , campylobacteriosis , mycobacteriosis ( avian tuberculosis ) , avian influenza ( bird flu ) , giardiasis , and cryptosporidiosis over long distances .
In 1957 , this small port town was chosen to be the capital of the new country , and an ambitious building program was begun to increase its population to 15,000 .
The Federal Ministry of Justice ( or BMJ ) is a federal ministry in Germany .
Flag-bearers from each participating country enter the stadium , followed by the athletes who enter together , without any national distinction .
The growth of the larynx itself during puberty is responsible for the vocal instability in teenage boys .
During the journey , Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah ( Carla Gugino ) who 's never had a human family , but is forced to leave her behind by Shadow and Riley ( voiced by Sinbad ) , the leader of Delilah 's pack .
In contrast to the more traditional family-friendly content that was common in WWF programming , the Attitude Era sought to attract the young adult demographic by transforming the product into an edgier form of entertainment .
By 1992 , the Madchester scene had died and along with The Manics , some new British bands were beginning to appear .
He is a prince in his own colony , and worships Cama Zotz , the brother of Nocturna , whom the Silverwings and other bats like them believe in .
David Bowie ( ; born David Robert Jones , 8 January 1947 ) is an English rock musician , who has also worked as an actor , record producer and arranger .
He was a proponent of utilitarianism , an ethical theory developed by Jeremy Bentham , although his conception of it was very different from Bentham 's .
It often results from the bacterial breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen , such as in swamps and sewers ( anaerobic digestion ) .
The pipits are a cosmopolitan genus , Anthus , of small passerine birds with medium to long tails .
The record football attendance at the stadium is 47,348 , which was set at a Premier League game against Chelsea on 5 December 2009 .
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina
This was an upper reach of the Murray River so named by Charles Sturt a few years later .
or The Reading Adventures of Super Why !
Xenon was discovered in England by William Ramsay and Morris Travers on July 12 , 1898 , shortly after their discovery of the elements krypton and neon .
History Neptunium ( named for the planet Neptune , the next planet out from Uranus , after which uranium was named ) was first discovered by Edwin McMillan and Philip H. Abelson in the year 1940 in Berkeley , California .
Examples of this are when uranium becomes thorium , or radium becomes radon gas due to alpha decay .
Football League One ( often referred to as League One for short or Npower League 1 for sponsorship reasons ) is the second-highest division of The Football League and third-highest division overall in the English football league system .
The group changed its name when it signed to PS Company .
Buellas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Rainfall is scant throughout the year , apart from the occasional thunderstorm , though in March 1949 and January 1974 the town received around or twice its average annual rainfall .
For sales of Homefront to Japan , the game has been censored by removing all references to North Korea including pictures of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il .
Claude Marion Akins ( May 25 , 1926 -- January 27 , 1994 ) was an American actor .
Origins Related Articles : Frank Williams Racing Cars & Walter Wolf Racing Frank Williams started the current Williams team in 1977 after his previous outfit , Frank Williams Racing Cars , failed to achieve the success he desired .
A minority of the outlying parts of town fall under other school districts in the Phoenix Metro Area , including the Cave Creek Unified School District , Paradise Valley Unified School District , Phoenix Union High School District , Tempe Union High School District , and the Balsz Elementary School District .
A broad area of low pressure formed within the wave the next day while located 260 mi ( 420 km ) southeast of the Cape Verde islands .
With a diameter of about 950 k , Ceres is by far the largest and most massive body in the asteroid belt , and contains almost a third ( 32 % ) of the belt 's total mass/O. .
Chinese civilization originated in various regional centers along both the Yellow River and the Yangtze River valleys in the Neolithic era , but the Yellow River is said to be the Cradle of Chinese Civilization .
Prior to the arrival of Europeans to Australia , Indigenous Australians played a form of the game where two groups of men would kick a possum skin '' ball '' around .
This is because radians have a mathematical '' naturalness '' that leads to a more elegant formulation of a number of important results .
Clunes is a town in Victoria , Australia , located 36 kilometres north of Ballarat , in the Shire of Hepburn .
In the 2001 general election he was elected to the House of Commons and became one of the most high profile politicians in the country .
History United States For many years New York Telephone ( now a unit of Verizon ) used 2-1-1 as an automated credit request number for disconnected or mis-dialed calls .
Mammaliaformes ( '' mammal-shaped '' ) is a clade that contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives .
He finished the season with 12 wins , allowing the fewest goals against .
The Mariana Islands ( also the Marianas ; up to the early 20th century sometimes called Ladrones Islands , from Spanish Islas de los Ladrones meaning '' Islands of Thieves '' ) are an arc-shaped archipelago made up by the summits of 15 volcanic mountains in the north-western Pacific Ocean between the 12th and 21st parallels north and along the 145th meridian east .
When he was 3 years old , his mother died , forcing his father to send him and his brother Carl to an orphanage , as Benny 's father could not take care of them .
It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with the Royal Opera , Covent Garden .
Georges Auguste Escoffier ( 28 October 1846 -- 12 February 1935 ) was a French chef , restaurateur and culinary writer who popularized and updated traditional French cooking methods .
The game has a non-linear storyline and features gameplay elements such as trading and two-way communication with NPCs .
The Family Edition , like the prior version , includes parental controls and the information filtering feature .
After many years of planning , Ravenscraig will be ` regenerated ' and rebuilt by three equal shareholders : Wilson Bowden Developments Ltd , Scottish Enterprise and Corus . The project will be one of the largest regenerations in Europe , with 400 a being developed .
He began work as music critic for the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung , a newspaper in Leipzig , and his articles on Beethoven were especially well received , and highly regarded by the composer himself .
Brevig Mission is a city in Nome Census Area , Alaska .
East of Middle Street in Honolulu ( exit 19A ) , H-1 is also known as the Lunalilo Freeway and is sometimes signed as such at older signs in central Honolulu .
Balleroy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He is a budding singer and pianist .
Because its main function is to nurture the developing sperm cells through the stages of spermatogenesis , the Sertoli cell has also been called the '' mother '' or '' nurse '' cell .
In some chordates , it persists throughout life as the main axial support of the body , while in most vertebrates it is replaced by the vertebral column .
As Neptune was the Roman god of the sea , the planet 's moons have been named after lesser sea gods .
The Kelvin scale is the difference between these two reference points , with the kelvin defined as one 273.16 th of this scale .
Grover is then appointed as the Lord of the Wild , causing him to collapse with joy on the spot .
For a right-handed player , this means that a backhand begins on the left side of the body , continues across the body as contact is made with the ball , and ends on the right side of the body , with the racquet over the left shoulder .
As of 2000 , the population was 37,077 and the newest population estimate is 45,000 .
Halsou ( Basque Haltsu ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
In the Middle Ages , boroughs were settlements in England that were granted some self-government ; burghs were the Scottish equivalent .
Richard Clarke ( US counter-terrorism czar ) , Michael Sheehan , and James Rubin participated in what they called '' Operation Orient Express '' .
Climate in the Maya region can vary tremendously , as the low-lying areas are particularly susceptible to the hurricanes and tropical storms that frequent the Caribbean .
The name Indiana University Bloomington is not an official campus name , and is only used for clarity .
It is unknown what led to her death , however some historians have speculated that she may have taken her own life due to depression , brought on by the death of her sister , Maggie , two years earlier .
By combining space and time into a single manifold , physicists have significantly simplified a large number of physical theories , as well as described in a more uniform way the workings of the universe at both the supergalactic and subatomic levels .
Lambert was a prodigy , writing orchestral works from the age of 13 , and at 20 received a commission to write a ballet for Sergei Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes ( Romeo and Juliet ) .
Investments are also usually not considered gambling , although some investments can involve significant risk . Examples of investments include stocks , bonds and real estate .
After three ruling Lancastrian monarchs , the crown passed to three Yorkist monarchs , the last of whom , Richard III , was killed in battle during 1485 .
The kora is a 21-string bridge-harp used extensively by people in West Africa .
James Brian Jacques ( pronounced '' Jakes '' ) ( born 15 June 1939 ) is an English author , best known for his Redwall series of novels , as well as the Tribes of Redwall and Castaways of the Flying Dutchman series .
These date from 1911 , 1919 and 1945 .
All cyclists who have won the Tour de France five or more times have also won the Dauphiné Libéré .
Barcelona ( Catalan , Spanish ) is the capital and the most populous city of the Autonomous Community of Catalonia and the second largest city in Spain , after Madrid , with a population of 1,621,537 within its administrative limits on a land area of .
The new company , Famous Players-Lasky Corporation , grew quickly , with Lasky and his partners Goldfish and DeMille running the production side , Hiram Abrams in charge of distribution , and Zukor making great plans .
Kardashian wrote a book , Kardashian Konfidential , with her sisters Kim and Kourtney , which was released on November 23 , 2010 .
The design , published in 1997 , is a forerunner to the Rijndael algorithm , which has been adopted as the Advanced Encryption Standard .
News follows that the King of Bantam has died , and that Luckless is to be made the new king .
Matteo Brighi ( born February 14 , 1981 in Rimini ) is an Italian football player , currently a midfielder for Serie A club Roma .
Later , the two men find another truck loaded with weapons , however when they meet the girls again , the girls attempt once more to steal their truck until Columbus proposes a truce and suggests they travel together .
She also competed in chess tournaments with some of the world 's leading male chess masters , defeating many of them , including future World Champion Max Euwe .
On June 28 , 2007 , Thomas hit the 500th home run of his career , becoming the 21st player in the history of Major League Baseball to do so .
The village gave its name to Cheddar cheese , which is the most popular type of cheese in the United Kingdom .
A chador is a full-length semicircle of fabric open down the front , which is thrown over the head and held closed in front .
Sir Andrew Francis Davis CBE ( born 2 February 1944 ) is a British conductor .
His famous Decca Das Lied von der Erde with Kathleen Ferrier , Julius Patzak , and the Vienna Philharmonic was made in May , 1952 , and he recorded it again in studio with the New York Philharmonic in 1960 .
The microscope has a greater resolving power than a light-powered optical microscope , because it uses electrons that have wavelengths about 100,000 times shorter than visible light ( photons ) , and can achieve magnifications of up to 2,000,000 x , whereas light microscopes are limited to 2000x magnification .
It is situated on the Princes Highway and is near the western end of the Great Ocean Road .
Barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate with coke , carbon black or tar .
He sent copies of the book to leading political and military figures throughout Europe .
The storm became stationary , though it later turned to the west and weakened on May 29 .
Edward I ( 17/18 June 1239 -- 7 July 1307 ) , also known as Edward Longshanks , was King of England from 1272 to 1307 .
Aalborg was founded about 700 A.D. and was mentioned for the first time in 1040 .
Malakand District is one of the districts in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
He won several victories , including the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 , during which he was killed .
This design of a pixelated , dimetric projection domestic scene has been compared to The Sims .
False Pass ( Isanax in Aleut ) is a city in Aleutians East Borough , Alaska , United States .
The nostrils and the mouth are at the distal end of the snout ; the mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 m/O. The body of the Short-beaked Echidna is , with the exception of the underside , face and legs , covered with cream-coloured spines .
This league from Europe and South America to play in American and Canadian cities , with each club bearing a local name .
It can either be detached from a larger unit for a specific function or ( particularly in United States Military usage ) be a permanent unit smaller than a battalion .
Varkala is a well-known tourist destination .
On 5 September 1879 , Camille Monet died of tuberculosis at the age of thirty-two ; Monet painted her on her death bed .
During this period , Mao was called Chairman Mao or the Great Leader Chairman Mao .
It is in the southern part of Finland , on the shore of the Gulf of Finland , by the Baltic Sea .
The largest city in Thailand is Bangkok , the capital , which is also the country 's center of political , commercial , industrial and cultural activities .
__ NOTOC __
Sport England is the brand name for the English Sports Council and is a non-departmental public body under the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
Climate The town of Alice Springs straddles the usually dry Todd River on the northern side of the MacDonnell Ranges .
Starch is processed to produce many of the sugars in processed foods .
The Calgary Stampede is an annual rodeo , exhibition and festival held every July in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
This meant Arlene maintained its position as the most commonly used name for Atlantic storms .
Mayfield is a city in Graves County , Kentucky , United States .
The superficially similar Bryozoa ( Ectoprocta ) have the anus outside a '' crown '' of hollow tentacles .
The Linux kernel itself was 2.4 million lines of code , or 8 % of the total .
Simone Perrotta , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , ( born September 17 , 1977 in Ashton-under-Lyne , England ) is an English-born Italian World Cup-winning footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Roma .
Early years Pena was born in Hyannis , Massachusetts .
Niederkell - Kell am See : 4,0 km
Several versions of the single featured an original demo version of the song .
He has held his current post , the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry , at MIT since 1989 .
In organic chemistry , functional groups are specific groups of atoms within molecules that are responsible for the characteristic chemical reactions of those molecules .
Former municipalities The former City of Halifax was incorporated in 1841 and dissolved in 1996 when the HRM was formed .
The Cat Who Came to Breakfast (/O1994/O)
In recent years , baseball caps have changed very little , although over time , the peak has enlarged slightly to further protect the player 's eyes from the sun .
It is also useful in agriculture and horticulture because the adult stages of some predatory insects feed on nectar .
Boundary changes at the 2010 general election have transferred the community of Whitburn into the South Shields constituency from the neighbouring Jarrow seat .
Vishnyakova was kept from seeing Rasputin after she made her accusation and was eventually dismissed from her post in 1913 .
Lavigne wrote the song after asking Disney executives and film director Tim Burton if she could write a song for the film .
After receiving his commission , Robinson was reassigned to Fort Hood , Texas , where he joined the 761st '' Black Panthers '' Tank Battalion .
This is usually worn if both the home and away kits clash with their opponents .
As branch-of-service identification , Wehrmacht vehicles had an alpha-numeric identity license plate reading WH for the Heer , WL for the Luftwaffe , and WM for the Kriegsmarine , plus , SS for the '' Waffen-SS '' .
Another disabled athlete to appear in the Olympics prior to the Paralympic Games was Liz Hartel , a Danish equestrian athlete who had contracted polio in 1943 and won a silver medal in the dressage event .
On October 16 - 17 , a severe gale was experienced in Dominica and Martinique .
History In 1998 , Kobuchi and Kuroda met each other in Sakai and formed Kobukuro .
History Their debut single , '' X-Ray '' , was released on Promise records on 28 November 2005 , and received some evening play on London radio station Xfm London .
Karma ( literally : action ) is the sum of one 's actions and the force that determines one 's next reincarnation .
Offrethun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The next bout was for the WWE Women 's Championship , in which the champion , Candice Michelle , defended against Beth Phoenix .
In addition to singing , Duff has also wrote and co-wrote several songs for her sister Hilary 's studio albums , Metamorphosis and Hilary Duff , as well as the song '' Gypsy Woman '' , on Hilary 's third studio album , Dignity .
The great majority of Class 45s were withdrawn between 1981 and 1988 and the last was withdrawn from service by 1989 .
Consensus describes the primary way in which editorial decisions are made on Wikipedia .
In 1971 , Harnoncourt started a joint project with conductor Gustav Leonhardt to record all of J.S. Bach 's cantatas .
As the home of the sauna , Finnish sauna culture is well established , there are built-in-sauna in almost every house in Finland .
The POV of the editor-in-chief
All UN member states regard its territory as de jure part of Moldova .
It was formerly a Soviet design bureau , and was founded by Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich as '' Mikoyan and Gurevich '' , with the bureau prefix '' MiG . ''
Pronouns without antecedents are also called unprecursed pronouns .
He won the Dauphiné in 2002 and 2003 , but was defeated by Iban Mayo in 2004 , primarily by Mayo 's strong climb of Mont Ventoux .
Murder of William Douglas , 8th Earl of Douglas by James II of Scotland at Stirling Castle .
Noyales is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The XG finished 2nd in its first race at Michigan on July 27 , 2003 .
Tulsa Public Schools is an independent school district serving the Tulsa , Oklahoma area in Northeastern Oklahoma .
Ares , Hermes , Hephaestus , Aphrodite , Athena , Apollo , Artemis , the Charites , Heracles , Dionysus , Hebe , and Persephone were children of Zeus .
During the Second World War , much of Walt Disney 's staff was drafted into the army , and those that remained were called upon by the U.S. government to make training and propaganda films .
The British Rail Class 365 '' Networker Express '' are dual-voltage ( 25 kV AC and 750 V DC ) electric multiple units built by ABB at York from 1994 to 1995 .
The mice retreat , taking their dead leader with them .
Walter Edward '' Turk '' Broda ( May 15 , 1914 - October 17 , 1972 ) was an ice hockey goaltender , playing his entire career for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The severity of BDD was assessed using the Yale- Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale modified for BDD , and symptoms were assessed using a Body Dysmorphic Disorder Examination Sheet .
Logan is seen quoting Bishop 's teachings at the last level , implying his respect towards Bishop ( to which Bishop replied , '' Who said that horse shit ? '' ) .
UCF is a member institution of the State University System of Florida , and is currently the largest university in the state , and the third-largest university in the United States by enrollment .
Methods of romanization include transliteration , representing written text , and transcription , representing the spoken word .
A prominent pupil of Raphael , his stylistic deviations from high Renaissance classicism help define the 16th-century style known as Mannerism .
Approximately three metres long , two metres high at the shoulder and weighing up to two tonnes , it resembled a giant wombat .
The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is an international humanitarian movement with approximately 97 million volunteers , members and staff worldwide which was founded to protect human life and health , to ensure respect for all human beings , and to prevent and alleviate human suffering , without any discrimination based on nationality , race , sex , religious beliefs , class or political opinions .
An extra 500,000 people enter the city during a weekday .
His catch phrase became '' I Lie !
The next day the system dropped more rainfall as it passed to the west of the island , and in the two day period precipitation accumulated to 2.12 inches ( 53.8 mm ) at the Bermuda International Airport , accounting for 35 % of the monthly rainfall total .
Reprise Records is an American record label , founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra .
Julie Taymor ( born December 15 , 1952 ) is an American director of theater , opera and film .
In 1987 his duet with Jennifer Warnes , '' ( I 've Had ) The Time of My Life '' , was included on the Dirty Dancing soundtrack album and the single reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 .
He has reported for Independent Television News ( ITN ) .
In countries where wireless and wired broadband access points are not available , iPass ' legacy dialup service can be used , in which one calls a local or toll-free phone number that connects to the Internet .
Originally founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1929 to enter amateur drivers in various races , in 1933 Scuderia Ferrari became the acting racing team of Alfa Romeo .
The crystallization process consists of two major events , nucleation and crystal growth .
Atlantic Records ( Atlantic Recording Corporation ) is an American record label best known for its many recordings of rhythm and blues , rock and roll , and jazz .
Within this method , the extent of spiral banding and difference in temperature between the eye and eyewall is used to assign a maximum sustained wind and a central pressure .
Other people and groups arrested or fined were scientist Peter Lee ( no relation ) , who was arrested for allegedly giving submarine radar secrets to China , and Loral Space & Communications and Hughes Electronics who gave China missile secrets .
The outer-outer dakini is a dakini in human form .
Killer Whale ( Orca ) , Orcinus orca
Full genome sequencing has resulted in the conclusion that '' after 6.5 [ million ] years of separate evolution , the differences between chimpanzee and human are ten times greater than those between two unrelated people and ten times less than those between rats and mice '' .
Das Rheingold requires the following additional instruments : Bass Drum 18 AnvilsAnvils are used only in Das Rheingold .
Henry made the boy Simnel a servant in the royal kitchen .
Linda B. Buck , Ph. D. , ( born January 29 , 1947 ) is an American biologist best known for her work on the olfactory system .
Wasp subsequently headed eastwards to hunt for seals and , according to Morrell , reached the remote Bouvet Island on , finding this elusive island without apparent difficulty .
A JavaScript engine is specialized computer software which interprets and executes JavaScript ( or ECMAScript ) .
In the treble clef , putting the sharp for A on its expected position relative to the sharp for G would require a ledger line .
He met Fats Waller , who was playing organ at the Lincoln Theater accompanying silent movies , and Waller taught him how to play that instrument ( Basie later played organ at the Eblon Theater in Kansas City ) .
These had originally four gates , Porta al Borgo , Porta San Marco , Porta Carratica and Porta Lucchese , all demolished at the beginning of the 20th century .
Triple H insisted that Evolution accompany Batista anyway , saving him from the oncoming limousine .
This is the category of minerals in general . See List of minerals for more .
It is located between Epping and North Weald .
The nasal septum can depart from the center line of the nose in a condition is known as a deviated septum due to trauma .
Charles Lee ( 1758 -- June 24 , 1815 ) was an American lawyer from Virginia .
Barack Obama announced Vilsack 's selection to be the United States Secretary of Agriculture under his administration on December 17 , 2008 .
Divisions of New Line Cinema New Line Cinema operated several divisions , including theatrical distribution , marketing , home video , and was a partner in new ( and relatively short-lived ) distribution company called Picturehouse .
These moths are easily distinguishable by the vaguely skull-shaped pattern of markings on the thorax .
The impact of even deteriorated gunpowder would have been magnified by its containment in wooden barrels , compensating for the quality of the contents .
Melky Astacio Cabrera ( born August 11 , 1984 , in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is an outfielder for the Atlanta Braves , a Major League Baseball team .
Lipsum-com .
In a press release , the F.B.I. reiterated that it does not believe Cooper survived the jump , but expressed an interest in ascertaining his identity .
Virginia reported the most deaths and damage from the hurricane .
The President of the Commission and all the other commissioners are nominated by the Council .
Oncology ( from the Ancient Greek onkos ( ) , meaning bulk , mass , or tumor , and the suffix - logy ( - ) , meaning '' study of '' ) is a branch of medicine that deals with tumors ( cancer ) .
Mauve ( , rhymes with '' stove '' ; from the French form of Malva '' mallow '' ) is a pale lavender-lilac color , one of many in the range of purples .
Following the storm , at least 11,000 people were left homeless .
Finally , in 1910 , the design was modified , changing the vertical stripes into the horizontal band of navy-blue color over a white jersey , which has been used ever since .
It was situated in Wednesfield in Staffordshire , England .
As a courtesy to the rest of the contributors , users with such usernames are encouraged to sign their posts ( at least in part ) with Latin characters .
Warner also set a Super Bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .
He was also music director of the Glyndebourne Festival , and in 1964 the LPO replaced the RPO as Glyndebourne 's resident orchestra .
-- Hideo Kojima ( creator of the Metal Gear Solid video games for Konami ) , in the Sunday , 2 October 2005 entry of his English blog ( Archive.org copy ) '' On October 10th Maruzen will close their Kyoto shop which is associated with this novel Lemon .
Whereas the BMI of a person is measured manually by total weight and height , BVI is calculated by using 3D full body data to determine volume or weight distribution .
The zinc oxide is thought to have been produced by heating zinc ore in a shaft furnace . This liberated metallic zinc as a vapor , which then ascended the flue and condensed as the oxide .
Roman numerals are based on seven symbols : a stroke ( identified with the letter I ) for a unit , a chevron ( identified with the letter V ) for a five , a cross-stroke ( identified with the letter X ) for a ten , a C ( identified as an abbreviation of Centum ) for a hundred , etc. :
Gastritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach , and has many possible causes .
The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Digital Telecommunications Philippines , or Digitel .
Paul David Hewson , KBE ( born 10 May 1960 ) , most commonly known by his stage name Bono , is an Irish singer and musician , best known for being the main vocalist of the Dublin-based rock band U2 .
The expressed intention of the Federation was to create a political unit that would become independent from Britain as a single state- possibly similar to the Canadian Confederation , Australian Federation , or Central African Federation ; however , before that could happen , the Federation collapsed due to internal political conflicts .
David John Bartlett ( born 19 January 1968 ) is an Australian politician in the state of Tasmania , serving as the 43rd Premier of Tasmania from May 2008 until January 2011 .
The DFB German Football Association ( German FA ) list him in the top 20 best German defenders of all time , and Bayern Munich included him in their best 16 in a team made up in the 80s of famous past players .
Multiple threads can exist within the same process and share resources such as memory , while different processes do not share these resources .
The Whale are the top affiliate of the National Hockey League 's New York Rangers and are one of several professional hockey teams in Connecticut .
His short reign atop the chess world made him one of the two so-called '' winter kings '' who interrupted Botvinnik 's long reign from 1948 to 1963 ( the other was Smyslov , world champion 1957 - 1958 ) .
With the Internet now being a viable source for obtaining music , netlabels have emerged .
The sulfur trioxide is absorbed into 97 - 98 % to form oleum , also known as fuming sulfuric acid .
He has a younger brother , Brian and two sisters , Toni and Megan .
It is a part of the Mobile metropolitan statistical area .
On eight occasions has a player hit all four targets on the minimum number of attempts ; Ray Bourque in 1992 and 1993 , Mark Messier in 1996 , Jeremy Roenick in 2004 , Tomas Kaberle in 2008 , and Dany Heatley , Evgeni Malkin in 2009 , and Daniel Sedin in 2011 .
The City Manager is responsible for the appointment and dismissal of all department heads , advises the council on policy matters , and creates and administers the city budget .
UC Santa Barbara is a '' very high activity '' research university and spent $ 191.2 million on research expenditures in the 2007 fiscal year , 97th-largest in the United States .
Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting the liver , caused by the hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) .
Berlise is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Saint-Pierre-Azif is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Monsters , Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated film and the fourth feature-length film produced by Pixar Animation Studios .
Over 250 native species have been recorded in the park , 29 of which are considered rare or threatened in Victoria , including the Long-footed Potoroo , Spotted Quoll ( Tiger Quoll ) , Giant Burrowing Frog and Eastern She-oak Skink .
Executive may refer to :
Saint-Paul-du-Vernay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 1880 the residence of John James Wright , the first mayor of Queanbeyan , was constructed along the edge of the Queanbeyan River .
Descent and inheritance The son of Hugh the Great , Duke of France , and Hedwige of Saxony , daughter of the German king Henry the Fowler , Hugh was born about 940 .
Mons-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The parish authorities were known as vestries and consisted of all the inhabitants of the parish .
It may also refer to a spherical representation of the celestial sphere , showing the apparent positions of the stars and constellations in the sky ( celestial globe ) .
This lump , or protrusion , is formed by the angle of the thyroid cartilage surrounding the larynx .
The cowpox virus was used to perform the first successful vaccination against a disease , smallpox , which is caused by the related Variola virus .
A product of Borussia Dortmund 's youth ranks , Odonkor made his first team debut on 3 March 2002 , having recently turned 18 , coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1 -- 1 home tie against FC St. Pauli .
As the capital city of Spain , seat of government , and residence of the Spanish monarch , Madrid is also the political center of Spain .
Eric Arthur Blair ( 25 June 1903 - 21 January 1950 ) , better known by his pen name George Orwell , was an English author and journalist .
History Melville Island was first visited by the British explorer Sir William Parry in 1819 .
Generally , string is a thin , flexible piece of rope or twine which is used to tie , bind , or hang other objects .
Henry was a chorister in the Chapel Royal until his voice broke in 1673 , at which time he became assistant to John Hingeston , the musical instrument keeper for the King .
On January 1 , 2006 Merksplas had a total population of 8,173 .
Land Shark Stadium ( previously known as Joe Robbie Stadium , Pro Player Park , Pro Player Stadium , Dolphins Stadium , and Dolphin Stadium ) is a football , lacrosse , soccer , and baseball stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida , a suburb of Miami .
( unranked ) Eutherapsida
In English , this city 's name translates to '' Frankfurt on the Main '' ( pronounced like English mine or German mein ) .
In 1946 his company , the Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica , moved into production .
Provides one way to undelete a page .
The constituent particles of an atom are the electron , the proton and the neutron .
In North India and Pakistan , the caracal is locally known as syahgosh ( \/O/ ) or shyahgosh , which is a Persian-derived term meaning black ears .
Rasputin was buried with an icon signed on its reverse by Anastasia , her mother and her sisters .
Upland is a city in San Bernardino County , California with an elevation of .
If one partition is corrupted , none of the other file systems are affected , and the drive 's data may still be salvageable .
His father was of Jewish descent and an oboist in the Hannover Military Band .
, also known as , ( c. AD 169 - 269 ) was a legendary Japanese empress .
Stoldt resigned in the 5th round ( chess ) after losing his queen .
Milliyet ( Turkish for '' nationality '' ) is a major Turkish daily newspaper founded in 1950 .
Lodhran is spread over an area of 1,790 square kilometres and is subdivided into three tehsils ( Lodhran , Kahror Pacca , Dunya pur ) which contain a total of 73 Union Councils : Tehsils & Unions in the District of Lodhran - Government of Pakistan
Cream cheese ( also called soft cheese ) is a sweet , soft , mild-tasting , white cheese , defined by the US Department of Agriculture as containing at least 33 % milkfat ( as marketed ) with a moisture content of not more than 55 % , and a pH range of 4.4 to 4.9 .
Synchronous stream ciphers In a synchronous stream cipher a stream of pseudo-random digits is generated independently of the plaintext and ciphertext messages , and then combined with the plaintext ( to encrypt ) or the ciphertext ( to decrypt ) .
Wales , Matt , Super Smash Bros. .
The term is commonly used in the telecommunications industry to refer to telecommunications systems ( e.g. radio transmitters and receivers , remote controls , computer networks , network terminals , etc. ) which use some form of energy ( e.g. radio frequency ( RF ) , infrared light , laser light , visible light , acoustic energy , etc. ) to transfer information without the use of wires .
This article is about the British game show .
Closer to Home ( Tsunami Records , 1989 )
Palmyra Atoll 's location in the Pacific Ocean , where the southern and northern currents meet , means that its beaches are littered with trash and debris .
The Cape harbors an extraordinary biodiversity , with more than 700 vertebrate land animal species of which 40 are endemic .
Olympisch Stadion - Antwerp (/O1920/O)
The station was served by the Woodside and South Croydon Railway .
The total estimated cost of damage was $ 1.42 billion ( 1969 USD , $ 9.14 billion 2005 USD ) .
Michael Grassie , a social studies teacher , was shot in the chest after Coon entered his classroom .
How to revert Manual method Go to the top of the page in question , click on the '' history '' or '' page history '' ( in some skins ) tab ; then , click on the '' time and date '' of the earlier version , to which you wish to revert .
Prostitution is one of the branches of the sex industry . The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country , from being a punishable crime to a regulated profession .
They Might Be Giants ( TMBG ) are an American alternative rock band formed in 1982 by John Flansburgh and John Linnell .
The trains have been built with Bombardier 's FICAS technology , giving a thinner bodyshell and hence ( along with the larger size ) more internal space for passengers .
Together with his friend Christian Gaudian , Gueffroy attempted on the night of February 5 & ndash ; 6 , 1989 , to escape from East Berlin to West Berlin , along the Britz district canal .
After the group fails to locate him , Zuko takes them to June , a tracker who might be able to locate Aang .
From jami ` ah to university : multiculturalism and Christian -- Muslim dialogue , Current Sociology 54 (/O1/O) :112 -32 .
Located close to the border with Switzerland , it is the capital of the department of Doubs .
The first commercial electric power transmission ( developed by Thomas Edison in the late nineteenth century ) used direct current .
William Golding 's Lord of the Flies features frequent references to '' the conch '' .
'' A sentimentalist '' , Oscar Wilde wrote Alfred Douglas , '' is one who desires to have the luxury of an emotion without paying for it . ''
'' Caid '' is now used by people in some parts of Ireland to refer to modern Gaelic football .
Ecstatic at the thought of meeting Pamina , Tamino hurries off . Papageno appears with Pamina , following the distant sound of Tamino 's flute .
The first orbital flight of OTV-1 , the first X-37B , with a mission name of USA-212 , was launched on an Atlas V rocket at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Florida on 22 April 2010 , at 23:58 GMT .
Private life Fischer has consistently been the most popular German politician , leading the opinion polls for several years , even among supporters of other parties .
Events By place Rome Caesar Augustus sent ferrets ( named ` viverrae ' by Plinius ) to the Balearic Islands to control the rabbit plagues .
Le Souich is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Grand Moff Tarkin ( Peter Cushing ) , the Death Star 's commanding officer and Vader 's superior , tries to coax information out of her by threatening to destroy Alderaan .
Cowboys Stadium ( 2009 -- present )
Three Royal Caribbean cruise ships re-routed their paths to avoid the storm .
Virginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along its oceanfront .
MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer 3 ( or III ) , more commonly referred to as MP3 , is a patented digital audio encoding format using a form of lossy data compression .
The Tag Team Championship became exclusive to the Raw brand , leaving the SmackDown !
Karl Popper pioneered the use of the term '' conjecture '' in scientific philosophy .
Wizardry inspired many clones and served as a template for computer RPG games .
His first arrest came for a sit-in at a local draft board , resulting in 10 days in jail .
Jaclyn Michelle Linetsky ( January 8 , 1986 -- September 8 , 2003 ) was a Canadian actress who voiced Caillou from 2000-2002 .
In mathematics , a ring is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with two binary operations usually called addition and multiplication , where the set is an abelian group under addition ( called the additive group of the ring ) and a monoid under multiplication such that multiplication distributes over addition .
Chloroplasts have their own genome , which is considerably reduced compared to that of free-living cyanobacteria , but the parts that are still present show clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome .
Aftershocks are formed as the crust around the displaced fault plane adjusts to the effects of the main shock .
She has Prue 's power of telekinesis but with a twist because she is half whitelighter .
The House of Windsor is the current Royal House of the United Kingdom and each of the other Commonwealth realms .
The TPFI program is similar to the American F-X program , which resulted in the F-15 Eagle , while the LPFI program is similar to the Lightweight Fighter program , which spawned the F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Northrop YF-17 , which itself led to the F\/A -18 Hornet .
The earliest reference to the site was in the Domesday Book survey of 1086 , wherein the '' minster '' of Southwark seems to be under the control of Bishop Odo of Bayeux ( William the Conqueror 's half-brother ) .
Deomyinae is the older name and therefore has priority over Acomyinae .
The Red Kangaroo ( Macropus rufus ) is the largest of all kangaroos , the largest mammal native to Australia , and the largest surviving marsupial .
It has the highest elevation of any market town in England .
Sir Alexander Matthew '' Matt '' Busby , CBE , KCSG ( 26 May 1909 -- 20 January 1994 ) was a Scottish football player and manager , most noted for managing Manchester United between 1945 and 1969 and again for the second half of the 1970 -- 1971 season .
One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
In June of the same year , she performed the song again at the San Francisco Pride event .
This ends the threat to the Romans from German tribes until the reign of Marcus Aurelius .
The olde Early editions of Silvanus P. Thompson 's Calculus Made Easy use the older term .
Collectively , these three groups of butterflies share many characteristics , especially in the egg , larval and pupal stage ( Ackery et al. .
Giancarlo De Sisti ( born 13 March 1943 in Rome ) is a former Italian footballer and football manager .
They have won four Stanley Cup Championships and fourteen division titles since their founding in 1926 .
Hamilton Hume ( 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 ) Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton ( 1797 - 1873 ) ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Gas chromatography is in principle similar to column chromatography ( as well as other forms of chromatography , such as HPLC , TLC ) , but has several notable differences .
Vetus Latina is a collective name given to the Biblical texts in Latin that were translated before St Jerome 's Vulgate Bible ( 382-405 AD ) became the standard Bible for Latin-speaking Western Christians . The phrase Vetus Latina is Latin for Old Latin , and the Vetus Latina is sometimes known as the Old Latin Bible .
In response to Campbell 's announcement , a partnership of nine men , led by Walter Bush Jr. and John Driscoll , was formed to seek a franchise for the Twin Cities area of Minnesota .
Khmer Empire Map Around the 13th century , Theravada Buddhism was introduced to the area through monks from Sri Lanka .
A parallel line named Dessert Treats was launched the following year in February , 2005 .
The station is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines , and almost all trains passing through the station stop there .
Horse the Band is a band from Lake Forest , California who are best known for their 8-bit Nintendo-influenced sound combined with metalcore .
Cordova was named Puerto Cordova by Spanish explorer Salvador Fidalgo in 1790 .
Jet , ( Diane Youdale ) , one of the stars of Gladiators
They aid in flight , thermal insulation , waterproofing and coloration that helps in communication and protection .
When Steve Tuttle of the Blues and Uwe Krupp of the Sabres became entangled while chasing the puck and crashed into Malarchuk 's goal , Tuttle 's skate caught Malarchuk on the neck , severing his internal jugular vein .
Fort Madison , situated on the Mississippi River , is a city in and one of the county seats of Lee County , Iowa , United States .
This was much less than that of the morning Sun .
As it gradually turned to the north , southwesterly flow from a large trough over the central United States increased wind shear over the hurricane .
Designed by the same person as SCO Smallfoot GeeXboX Live CD media center distribution , mainly to play special-encoded video files ( eg : .
The Spanish-American War began in Cuba in 1898 , and reached the Philippines after the United States fought Spain in the Battle of Manila Bay .
The Olive ( ) , Olea europaea , is a species of a small tree in the family Oleaceae , native to the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean Basin ( the adjoining coastal areas of southeastern Europe , western Asia and northern Africa ) as well as northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea .
Year 1557 ( MDLVII ) was a common year starting on Friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
She first debuted on WWE 's Raw brand in May 2006 , but suffered a legitimate broken jaw the following month .
A consul served in the highest elected political office of the Roman Republic .
A concerted effort to contain the city 's sewage by constructing massive sewers on the north and south river embankments followed , under the supervision of engineer Joseph Bazalgette .
The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride ( later retitled The Lion King 2 : Simba 's Pride ) is an American direct-to-video film released by the Walt Disney Company on October 27 , 1998 , as a sequel to the 1994 film The Lion King .
In professional wrestling , a battle royal ( sometimes battle royale ; plural battles royal or battle royals ) is a multi-competitor match type in which wrestlers are eliminated until one is left and declared winner .
Caffiers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It attempts to retain a realistic approach , seeking humor in the conventional and mundane aspects of everyday life .
Most of the lyrics are sung by Waters ; lead guitarist David Gilmour provides vocals on only one of the album 's tracks .
Playing their home games at Huntington Avenue Grounds , the Boston franchise finished second and third before capturing their first pennant in 1903 and repeating the next year .
The pair were transferred to Dartmoor Prison on 21 October 1851 , but shortly afterwards Johns was transferred to the Woolwich prison hulk Justitia , probably for disciplinary reasons .
Spacek was given the nickname '' Sissy '' by her older brothers .
Desdemona , Othello 's wife and daughter of Brabantio
Scottsburg Fire Department has the youngest fire chief in the State of Indiana .
Since the early 1970s trees and some types of flowers were planted .
The Province of Matera is a province in the Basilicata region of Italy .
The economic contribution of seventeen of these was found to be approximately US$ 33 trillion per year , greater than the activities in the inter-human economy , which totaled about US$ 25 trillion .
Flora 's comparison of the Dead Sea with Bly House unsettles the Governess .
The following is a list of the 433 communes of the Aube département in France .
The Aar ( German Aare ) , a tributary of the Rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within Switzerland .
He is head groundskeeper at Springfield Elementary School .
He adopted his second surname upon the death of an aunt named Savarin who left him her entire fortune on the condition that he adopt her name .
Bremerhaven ( ) is the seaport of the free city-state of Bremen , a federal state of Germany .
As of 2006 , he is in the Disney Channel television series , Hannah Montana , which stars his daughter Miley Cyrus .
There may even be subtle distinctions within a nation 's branches of arms , such as a distinction between a tank battalion and an armored squadron , depending on how the unit 's operational role is perceived to fit into the army 's historical organization .
The paired submandibular glands ( submaxillary glands ) are salivary glands located beneath the floor of the mouth .
Gothard encourages homeschooling ; IBLP publishes its own homeschool materials .
Fernando José Torres Sanz ( born 20 March 1984 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the Spanish national team as a striker .
Roach , Mary .
If salted or cured , it is consumed as a condiment .
IPsec is officially specified by the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) in a series of Request for Comment documents addressing various components and extensions . It specifies the spelling of the protocol name to be IPsec .
After nine years with the national team , during which he eventually gained captaincy , Ujfalu i ended his international career on 8 April 2009 , after being criticised for visiting a restaurant , accompanied by five other players , following the Czech Republic 's defeat to Slovakia on 1 April for the World Cup qualification .
'' internal school '' ) is a term in Chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice ' ( , lit .
The Journey Begins : Creative Concepts [ DVD , 2005 ] Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes : Bruce 's childhood friend who serves as Gotham City 's assistant district attorney , fighting against the corruption in the city .
In the 1890s , pastel and oils became his favored media , and he produced no more noirs after 1900 .
BIU 's offerings include non-degree courses and training modules in several topics .
Autofeather is a feature of the engines on some turboprop or piston engine aircraft .
Version 1.0 of the Linux kernel was released on 14 March 1994 .
Actinoporins have been reported as highly toxic to fish and crustaceans , which may be the natural prey of sea anemones .
Initially marketed as a duo that can sing , rap , and dance , their early works featured bubblegum pop and upbeat techno music .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1982 , and is the earliest winner of this prize to be still alive .
It now is run exclusively by Ainu and operates mostly independently of the government . Other key institutions include The Foundation for Research and Promotion of Ainu Culture ( FRPAC ) , set up by the Japanese Government after enactment of the Ainu Culture Law in 1997 , the Hokkaido University Center for Ainu and Indigenous Studies established in 2007 , as well as museums and cultural centers .
The most important of these attacks took place on the nights of June 16 -- 17 , when Vlad and some of his men allegedly entered the main Turkish camp ( wearing Ottoman disguises ) and attempted to assassinate Mehmed .
( February 3 , 1809 & ndash ; November 4 , 1847 ) was a German composer , pianist , organist and conductor of the early Romantic period .
'' TRACS website ; Press release announcing accreditation ; Greenville News editorial on BJU accreditation ; TRACS website .
Power over Ethernet or PoE technology describes a system to safely pass electrical power , along with data , on Ethernet cabling .
Farciennes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
So a time might appear as either '' 134730 '' in the basic format or '' 13:47:30 '' in the extended format .
In the mid-1980s , the government divided the department of Zelaya - consisting of the eastern half of the country - into two autonomous regions and granted the black and indigenous people of this region limited self-rule within the Republic .
As the Disney movie is '' inspired by '' rather than '' based on '' the Kipling stories , the character King Louie does not appear in Rudyard Kipling 's original book , as orangutans are not native to India .
The timeline includes information which was not operationally released , meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center , such as information about a storm that was not operationally warned on , To be warned on operationally means that storms were tracked at the time of their existence have been included .
The VCU undergraduate literary journal at the university is named Poictesme after the fictional province in his novel Jurgen .
Recreo is a city in Catamarca Province , Argentina .
The University of Durham , commonly known as Durham University , The University : Trading Name - Durham University is a university in Durham , England .
Etymology The sport is commonly known as athletics in most of the world or track and field in the United States and Canada .
In Europe beechwood was most commonly used ; in Japan , a special type of cherry wood was used .
Eagles have structures on their toes called spiricules that allow them to grasp fish .
Keith Urban is the second studio album by Australian country music artist Keith Urban , released on October 19 , 1999 .
Internet software : It includes additional web browsers ( Opera and Google Chrome ) , Adobe Flash Player , Moonlight and more communication software ( aMSN and Skype ) .
They say globalization has made this necessary .
The inner city of Amersfoort has been preserved well since the Middle Ages .
It consists of the Royal Australian Navy , the Australian Army , the Royal Australian Air Force and a number of ` tri-service ' units .
They play in white shirt with two horizontal stripes , one red and one black , white shorts and socks .
As technology increased and demand for the resources remained high , catches far exceeded the sustainable limit for whale stocks .
A date of at least 1.95 million years has been obtained for Kromdraai B.
Itoku is regarded by historians as a '' legendary emperor '' because of the paucity of information about him , which does not necessarily imply that no such person ever existed .
Haemophilia B ( factor IX deficiency ) occurs at about 1 in about 20,000 -- 34,000 male births .
The Kikuyu are Kenya 's most populous ethnic group .
A key is used to encrypt and decrypt whatever data is being encrypted/decrypted .
A cardinal is a senior ecclesiastical official , usually a bishop , of the Catholic Church .
Previn holds the title of Conductor Laureate .
Laura Lane Welch Bush ( born November 4 , 1946 ) is the wife of the forty-third President of the United States , George W. Bush , and was the First Lady of the United States from January 20 , 2001 to January 20 , 2009 .
Working a heavy theater schedule during the winter months and doing tent tours the rest of the year ( eventually traveling in her own railroad car ) , Smith became the highest-paid black entertainer of her day .
, Lucerne is the most populous city in Central Switzerland , and a nexus of transportation , telecommunications , and government of this region .
In a political upset , Childers was elected the fourth President of Ireland on 30 May 1973 , defeating Tom O'Higgins by 635,867 votes to 578,771 .
After a string of unsuccessful performances culminated in his elimination at the early stages of the 2009 World Cup , Ivanchuk announced , in a highly emotional interview , his retirement from professional chess .
Ballarat ( ) Retrieved on 19 November 2007 is city in the state of Victoria , Australia located at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range approximately north-west of the state capital Melbourne .
They are descended from the Swiss Reformation led initially by Huldrych Zwingli and soon spread to the rest of Northern Europe .
Monocytes are produced by the bone marrow from hematopoietic stem cell precursors called monoblasts .
He got this result by applying quantum field theory in a static black hole background .
Torre , a neighborhood in Recife , Brazil
Its capital is the city of Savona .
As of 2010 , 47 Mersenne primes and therefore 47 even perfect numbers are known .
Located just north of Miami-Dade County , residents who had lost their homes migrated to western sections of the county that were just starting to be developed .
The debt nearly closed Zoetrope , and forced Coppola to ( reluctantly ) take on another project , The Godfather . THX 1138 was released to theaters on March 11 , 1971 and was commercially unsuccessful .
Life Francis Scott Key was born to Ann Phoebe Penn Dagworthy ( Charlton ) and Captain John Ross Key at the family plantation Terra Rubra in what was Frederick County and is now Carroll County , Maryland .
True Stories I Made Up ( Compact Disc , 2005 )
The oldest continental crustal rocks on Earth have ages in the range from about 3.7 to 4.28 billion years and have been found in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane in Western Australia , in the Acasta Gneiss in the Northwest Territories on the Canadian Shield , and on other cratonic regions such as those on the Fennoscandian Shield .
The province was split from La Altagracia in 1968 .
Fernando de Napoli ( born 15 March 1964 , in Chiusano di San Domenico , Italy ) is an Italian former professional footballer , who played as a winger during the 1980s and 1990s .
Here Hovell made a mistake of one degree in calculating his longitude , and they came to the conclusion that they were on Western Port .
Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate ( Li2CO3 ) , lithium citrate , and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers .
The Screwtape Letters is a work of Christian apologetics by C. S. Lewis , first published in book form in 1942 .
The term is also occasionally employed to refer to modern or contemporary events , peoples , states or parts of states in the same region , namely Israel and the Palestinian territories , Lebanon , Jordan , and Syria ( compare Near East and Middle East ) .
