In many parts of the world the meat ( venison ) from Red Deer is used as a food source .
The four outer planets , the gas giants , are substantially more massive than the terrestrials .
Geography Charlottenburg is located in Berlin 's inner city , west of the Tiergarten park .
Plot Wicked Science tells the story of two teenagers who are mysteriously turned into wizards of science .
It is an energy transfer to the body in any other way than due to work performed on the body .
A decision was reached in the Central Lithuanian Parliament on February 20 , 1922 , to return the whole area to Poland , with Vilnius becoming the capital of the Wilno Voivodship .
Hinges is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A court or courtyard is an enclosed area , often a space enclosed by a building that is open to the sky .
Mikhail Bulgakov was born to Russian parents on May 15 , 1891 in Kiev ( now the capital of Ukraine ) , in the Russian Empire .
The settlement of Mosbach developed around the Benedictine monastery of Mosbach Abbey ( '' Monasterium Mosabach '' ) , the first written record of which dates from the 9th century . In 1241 rights and privileges had been granted to Mosbach as an Imperial free city .
Byrne and Eno were praised by Fast Company for their innovative use of Internet marketing and distribution for this album as well as several other releases and the promotion of this album has been lauded as a way of undermining copyright infringement .
The last wild specimen was killed in Okeechobee County , Florida in 1904 , and the last captive bird died at the Cincinnati Zoo on 21 February 1918 .
In 1907 Wewoka became part of the state of Oklahoma and in 1908 became the county seat of Seminole County after winning a strong fought battle with the city of Seminole .
Cabo Corrientes is a cape on the Pacific coast of the Mexican state of Jalisco .
His novels and poetry are still read , and many of his works remain classics of both English-language literature and of Scottish literature .
According the 2000 Census , Utah was the fourth fastest growing state ( at 29.6 percent ) in the United States between 1990 and 2000 .
US State Department , '' Foreign Relations of the United States , 1969-1976 '' , Volume XI , South Asia Crisis , 1971 '' , Page 165 It is not exactly known what percentage of the people killed by the Pakistan army were Hindus , but it is safe to say it was disproportionately high .
The 2009 Jupiter impact event , occasionally referred to as the Wesley impact , was a July 2009 impact on Jupiter that caused a black spot in the planet 's atmosphere .
George Stevens , Jr. , was the founding director .
The Golani brigade has earned a reputation for its die-hard soldiers , esprit de corps , and initiative .
If you have bitten someone , or feel that you have been bitten , considering the following points could help ensure that it does n't happen again .
On 22 March 1798 Aarau was declared the capital of the Helvetic Republic .
Some modern guitars are made of polycarbonate materials .
While there he met fellow composers Peter Maxwell Davies and Alexander Goehr , who , together with pianist John Ogdon and conductor Elgar Howarth , formed the New Music Manchester group , dedicated to the performances of serial and other modern works .
When the academy was founded , the ballroom was the biggest room in Stockholm that could be heated and thus used in the winter , so the king asked if he could borrow it .
By convention , the number 1 is not itself prime , but since it is the product of no numbers , it is often convenient to include it in the theorem by the empty product rule .
The son of Frederick II , king of Denmark-Norway , and Sofie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , he was born at Frederiksborg castle in 1577 .
He was the 2007 Formula Three Euroseries drivers ' champion and the inaugural GP2 Asia Series champion and drove in Formula One in 2009 .
The 2009 Major League Soccer season is the 14th season of Major League Soccer .
Amy Davis Irving ( born September 10 , 1953 ) is an American actress , known for her roles in the films Crossing Delancey , The Fury , Carrie , and Yentl as well as acclaimed roles on Broadway and Off-Broadway .
The Short-beaked Echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary Australia , notably appearing on the Australian five-cent piece ( the smallest denomination ) and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .
Shatner also played the eponymous veteran police sergeant in T. J. Hooker from 1982 to 1986 .
Greater Manchester was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 .
Prince Christian ( disambiguation ) , several princes
Cork material is an impermeable , buoyant material , a subset of generic cork tissue that is harvested for commercial use primarily from the Cork Oak tree , Quercus suber which is found in Southwest Europe and Northwest Africa .
The first episode in which the Flanders family were prominent is season two 's '' Dead Putting Society '' , which also contained the first appearance of Maude and Rod Flanders .
Yoichi Futori is a Japanese footballer who plays for Gamba Osaka .
Loyalty to the Fatherland gives us strength .
There are also Ibadis in Algeria , Tunisia , East Africa as well as Libya .
See his entry at Grove 's Dictionary of Music and Musicians , 5th ed , 1954 , vol .
Regions that are proper nouns , including widely known expressions such as , start with a capital letter .
The 2010 Winter Olympics , officially the XXI Olympic Winter Games or the 21st Winter Olympics , were a major international multi-sport event held on February 12 & ndash ; 28 , 2010 , in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , with some events held in the suburbs of Richmond , West Vancouver and the University Endowment Lands , and in the resort town of Whistler .
In Ancient Greece , was ( usually ) a slave who supervised the education of his master 's son ( girls were not publicly educated ) .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
Year 1411 ( MCDXI ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The concerto is scored for 2 flutes ( both doubling as piccolo ) , 2 oboes ( one doubling as a cor anglais ) , alto saxophone , 2 clarinets , bass clarinet , 2 bassoons , contrabassoon , 4 horns , 2 trumpets , 2 trombones , tuba , timpani , percussion , harp and strings .
Based on the climate in which they live , the Luna Moths produce differing numbers of generations .
He was born at Bolingbroke Castle in Lincolnshire , hence the other name by which he was known , Henry ( of ) Bolingbroke ( ) .
January 9 -- Mahmoud Abbas is elected to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority President .
China was another disappointment , however , and after spinning several times and requiring two new nose cones for his car he eventually finished 16th and last , two laps down , in what team manager Flavio Briatore described as a '' very , very bad race '' .
Amani Toomer ( born September 8 , 1974 in Berkeley , California ) is a retired American football wide receiver who played at the National Football League .
On 9 November 1799 ( 18 Brumaire of the Year VIII ) Napoleon Bonaparte staged the coup of 18 Brumaire which installed the Consulate .
She continues to tour the world , often in support of human rights .
A player who has been replaced may not rejoin play unless he was temporarily replaced to have bleeding controlled ; a player who has been substituted may return temporarily , to replace a player who has a blood injury , or permanently , if he is replacing a front-row forward .
Snapper Halt was purchased in 2010 by Exmoor Associates - a private company dedicated to securing trackbed for the restoration of the railway .
Some '' fuels '' which can be used include aluminium , magnesium , calcium , titanium , zinc , silicon , and boron and others .
Even though the family is a bit strange , Lawless soon learns that he fits right in .
is the devolved national , unicameral legislature of Scotland , located in the Holyrood area of the capital , Edinburgh .
Nuremberg ( ) is a city in the German state of Bavaria , in the administrative region of Middle Franconia .
As the system developed in the seventh century , the vassals were gangs of freemen who voluntarily subjected themselves , in some varying degree of formality , to the authority of a leader , from whose distribution of loot they could expect to be fed , clothed and armed .
Indium ( ) is a chemical element with chemical symbol In and atomic number 49 .
The direction of the angular velocity vector is perpendicular to the plane of rotation , in a direction which is usually specified by the right hand grip rule .
Both were produced by John Gilliland .
Subsequently Soundgarden 's Screaming Life EP was released and the grunge phenomenon quickly followed .
He was named Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 1998 .
Some methods , however , use benign bacteria , yeasts or fungi to add specific qualities and to preserve food ( e.g. , cheese , wine ) .
Kuniharu Nakamoto ( born October 29 , 1959 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Toshiyasu Takahara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Consadole Sapporo .
The screenplay by David Hare is based on the 1999 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same title by Michael Cunningham .
Personal life During a Skinscast , Pearson 's Skins co-stars Nicholas Hoult , Mitch Hewer and Joe Dempsie stated that she was a head girl at Colston 's Girls ' School , which she left in 2007 .
The ` rocket range ' as it is known locally has also been used to test high altitude research rockets , Skua and Petrel .
Population The municipality has a total population of 49,841 : 17,025 men and 16,986 women .
In New York City , American Airlines Flight 587 , headed to the Dominican Republic , crashes in Queens minutes after takeoff from John F. Kennedy International Airport , killing all 260 on board .
Notable individuals who have otherwise lived in the United States are also sub-categorised , however , under : Category : Immigrants to the United States , : Category : Expatriates in the United States or : Category : Ambassadors to the United States .
During the reign of Sennacherib of Assyria , Babylonia was in a constant state of revolt , led by Mushezib-Marduk , and suppressed only by the complete destruction of the city of Babylon .
Other sites of interest include a Brazilian-style church , which is now a mosque , and the Institute of Higher Studies of Benin .
The French and Indian War was the version of the Seven Years ' War that was fought on the American Continent The Battle of Plassey of 1757 in Bengal resulted in the beginning of British rule in India and the end of Indian independence .
She stated , '' It 's so easy for me to do a boy-bashing pop song , but to sit down and write honestly about something that 's really close to me , something I 've been through , it 's a totally different thing . ''
The FDA lists '' color additives exempt from certification '' for food in subpart A of the Code of Federal Regulations - Title 21 Part 73 .
Nortel Networks Corporation ( ) , formerly known as Northern Telecom Limited and sometimes known simply as Nortel , is a multinational telecommunications equipment manufacturer headquartered in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The meerkat or suricate Suricata suricatta , a small mammal , is a member of the mongoose family .
Radcliffe was asked to audition for the role of Harry in 2000 by producer David Heyman , while in attendance at a play titled Stones in His Pockets in London .
Jamaica was the county seat of Queens County from the formation of the county in 1683 until March 7 , 1788 , when the town was reorganized by the state government and the county seat was moved to Mineola ( now part of Nassau County ) .
He attended the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and is an instructor at the Peabody Institute at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , Maryland and the Mannes College of Music in New York City .
However there are numerous species such as E. melanophloia and E. setosa that retain the juvenile leaf form throughout their life history .
Other treatments for ALS are designed to relieve symptoms and improve the quality of life for patients .
He was born in Qubadyan , a village in middle-age Bactria in modern Tajikistan and died in Yamagan , a village in Badakhshan province of Afghanistan .
Lee became the American Chairperson for Out of the Shadows in 2006 .
The Genesis creation narrative is a description of the creation of the world , as written in the first two chapters of the Book of Genesis in the Hebrew Bible .
The QuikSCAT ( Quick Scatterometer ) , an earth-observing satellite , provided estimates of wind speed and direction over the oceans to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and others .
Residents not part of the religious communities are required to live in the peninsula 's capital , Karyes .
He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the first round of the 1998 NFL Draft .
'' Warning '' is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day .
createTextNode ( ' edited ( ' ) ) ;
The nuclei hit one another close to the speed of light and break into strange pieces .
Primitive forms of the instrument were fashioned by enslaved Africans in Colonial America , adapted from several African instruments .
Some of the civilians , having been induced by Japanese propaganda to believe that U.S. soldiers were barbarians who committed horrible atrocities , killed their families and themselves to avoid capture .
He thought of the idea of adding an unchangeable and universal message on spacecraft destined to leave the solar system , that could be understood by any life from another planet that might find it .
Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words '' 4REAL '' into his arm with a razor blade ( narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches ) in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic .
Lost to Dallas Cowboys in second round GB 1983 8 8 0 .500 2nd in NFC Central Total 52 76 3 .408 1 1 .500 Regular season align = bottom | Year !
Variscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Cleisthenes ( , also Clisthenes or Kleisthenes ) was a noble Athenian of the Alcmaeonid family .
It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with the Royal Opera , Covent Garden .
Metropolis was cut substantially after its German premiere , and much footage was lost over the passage of successive decades .
They are not in holy orders ; the term '' vicar '' in this context comes from Latin word '' vice '' ( '' in place of '' ) and simply means a deputy ( as in vice-president ) .
This is why Grandma Gallagher is against her granddaughter performing .
Samoa , officially the Independent State of Samoa ( formerly known as Western Samoa and German Samoa ) , is a country governing the western part of the Samoan Islands in the South Pacific Ocean .
Born to a Hakka peasant family in Guangdong , Xue joined the Chinese army in 1914 , at the age of 18 .
In the story , the monster was kept in the castle all his life and his suite of rooms bricked up after his death .
Other research has indicated that students show growth in visuo-motor perception , arithmetic , spelling and overall self-perception through time in the resource room classroom .
During the mid-80 's , Robert '' Fish '' Fishman ( Rainn Wilson ) was the drummer for Vesuvius , a local glam metal band from Cleveland , Ohio .
Height range Number of students Cumulative number 4.5 5.0 feet 25 25 5.0 5.5 feet 35 60 5.5 6 feet 20 80 6.0 6.5 feet 20 100 A Frequency Distribution shows us a summarized grouping of data divided into mutually exclusive classes and the number of occurrences in a class .
WEKG ( 810 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format .
My Chemical Romance offered free downloads through PureVolume and the social networking website MySpace , where they gained an initial fan base .
Polydor Records is a British record label owned by Universal Music Group and is currently headquartered in the UK .
A hi-hat , or hihat , is a type of cymbal and stand used as a typical part of a drum kit by percussionists in R&B , hip-hop , disco , jazz , rock and roll , house , reggae and other forms of contemporary popular music .
Pavel Vladimirovich Bure ( ; born March 31 , 1971 ) is a retired Russian professional ice hockey right winger .
It can be referred to as a telephone pole , power pole , hydro pole , telegraph pole , or telegraph post , depending on its application .
As early as 1950 , David Riesman distinguished between a majority , '' which passively accepted commercially provided styles and meanings , and a ` subculture ' which actively sought a minority style ... and interpreted it in accordance with subversive values '' .
The city is served by Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II Airport which has scheduled flights to many cities in Indonesia and also to Singapore by Silk Air and Malaysia by Sriwijaya Air .
Moe is the proprietor and bartender of Moe 's Tavern , a Springfield bar frequented by Homer Simpson , Barney Gumble , Carl Carlson , Lenny Leonard , Sam , Larry , and others .
Breeza is located on the Kamilaroi Highway and the North-west railway line , close to where it crosses the Mooki River .
His most famous works are the hit 1994 film Speed ( but crediting Joss Whedon with writing most of the film 's dialogue .
Gilbert was a taxidermist for the Zoological Society of London , where he met John Gould .
A lower house is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature , the other chamber being the upper house .
The current hockey team is the third team to use the name Peoria Rivermen , and they started play in October , 2005 at the Peoria Civic Center .
The area is noted for the concentration of performance motorsport companies and facilities .
Literature written by citizens of other nations such as Belgium , Switzerland , Canada , Senegal , Algeria , Morocco , etc. is referred to as Francophone literature .
Princess Anne of England ( 17 March 1637 - 8 December 1640 ) was the daughter of Charles I and his queen , Henrietta Maria of France .
Raskolnikov , a conflicted former student , lives in a tiny , rented room in Saint Petersburg .
The World Bank Group ( WBG ) is a family of five international organizations that makes leveraged loans , generally to poor countries .
Florian currently fights as a lightweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
which slowly organized over the following day .
It was due to be delivered to London Underground by the end of 2006 for testing on the Victoria line during engineering hours but this did not occur until May 2007 .
Since its creation as an Aboriginal reserve , Palm Island has been considered synonymous with Indigenous disadvantage and violence .
Brunnthal is a municipality in the district of Munich in Bavaria in Germany .
A remarkable feature of these animals is the catch collagen that forms their body wall .
Ric Flair 's '' Career Threatening '' match against Shawn Michaels was next , which stipulated that Flair would have to retire from wrestling if he had lost .
Washington & Jefferson College
It is also the first Windows version that has been released without a code name , though Windows 2000 Service Pack 1 was codenamed '' Asteroid '' Windows 2000 service pack nearing release and Windows 2000 64-bit was codenamed '' Janus '' Windows 2000 to Launch at Comdex , 64-Bit Janus in the Wings ( not to be confused with Windows 3.1 , which had the same codename ) .
It consists of 25 countries and territories with a combined population of 325 million people straddling two continents .
The climate of the Jura varies greatly by elevation .
A tropical wave normally follows an area of sinking , intensely dry air , blowing from the northeast .
Sud ( , ) is one of the ten departments ( French : départements ) of Haiti .
Consequently the area is subject to earthquakes and , in the past , volcanic activity .
The formal unification of Germany into a politically and administratively integrated nation state officially occurred on 18 January 1871 at the Versailles Palace 's Hall of Mirrors in France .
One of them is a fortification named Fort Adelaide or La Citadelle , built by the British in 1835 .
A , or for short , is a type of brothel in Japan which specialises in oral sex .
Overview According to Le Prince 's son , Adolphe , it was filmed at Oakwood Grange , the home of Joseph and Sarah Whitley , in Roundhay , Leeds , West Yorkshire , England on October 14 , 1888 .
Park went on to teach for several years in Mungyeong , where the primary school has been preserved as a museum .
On November 4 , 2008 , Obama was elected President and Biden Vice President of the United States .
The contaminated soil and sediment continue to affect the citizens of Vietnam , poisoning their food chain and causing illnesses , serious skin diseases as well as a variety of cancers in the lungs , larynx , and prostate .
Australian novelist Peter Carey won the 2001 Booker Prize and the Commonwealth Writers Prize the same year for the True History of the Kelly Gang .
Whether ancient Angeln conformed to these borders is uncertain . It may have been somewhat larger ; however , the ancient sources mainly concur that it included the territory of modern Angeln .
Formed in Orlando , Florida in 1995 and launched in Germany in 1996 by BMG Ariola Munich , the group consisted of Justin Timberlake , JC Chasez , Lance Bass , Joey Fatone and Chris Kirkpatrick .
Ammerswil is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Levardis Robert Martyn Burton , Jr. ( born February 16 , 1957 ) professionally known as LeVar Burton , is an American actor , director , producer and author who first came to prominence portraying Kunta Kinte in the 1977 award-winning ABC television miniseries Roots , based on the novel by Alex Haley .
The paladins , sometimes known as the Twelve Peers , were the foremost warriors of Charlemagne 's court , according to the literary cycle known as the Matter of France .
Together with stratigraphic principles , radiometric dating methods are used in geochronology to establish the geological time scale .
Newport is a civil parish and the county town of the Isle of Wight , an island off the south coast of England .
The local population largely rejected the supposed elitism of its professoriate , favoring teaching of ` useful ' subjects like law , over those they deemed ` useless ' in the city 's context , like classics .
Note : Live versions of '' Cold Hard Bitch '' , '' Move On '' , '' Are You Gon/Ona Be My Girl '' , '' Get Me Outta Here '' and '' Last Chance '' are featured on a bonus DVD or CD on limited editions of Get Born
Upper and Lower Sorbian ( minority languages in Germany )
Waste products from factories and homes , such as discarded packaging , are often free goods ( see also dumpster diving ) .
Vérac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It initially featured one or two PowerPC G4 processors , but was later switched over to the then new PowerPC G5 , and subsequently switched again to two quad-core Intel Nehalem microprocessors .
In a picture of 1518 , where a dying man offers '' his soul to God , his body to earth , and his worldly goods to his relations '' , the soul rises to meet the Trinity in heaven , and salvation is clearly shown to depend on faith and not on good works .
Potassium nitrate is a chemical compound with the formula KNO3 .
St. Louis Brown Stockings ( )
All of Uranus 's moons are named after characters created by William Shakespeare or Alexander Pope .
His name was Charles Haddon Spurgeon , and he quickly became the most popular British preacher of his day .
Originally using the alias Chris Perry , he served as the Charmed Ones ' Whitelighter for most of Season 6 after Leo was promoted to Elder .
Brithenig was not developed to be used in the real world , like Esperanto or Interlingua , nor to provide detail to a work of fiction , like Klingon from the Star Trek scenarios .
Benno von Arent ( July 19 1898 -- October 14 1956 ) was a member of the German Nazi Party and SS , responsible for art , theatres , movies etc. .
In Demand would show movies , concerts , and other events , with prices ranging from $ 3.99 to $ 49.99 , while HBO and Showtime , with their legs TVKO and SET Pay Per View , would offer championship boxing , with prices ranging from $ 14.99 to $ 54.99 .
Soon afterwards Hall joined Frank Gardiner 's gang which on 15 June 1862 robbed the Lachlan escort of some # 14,000 .
Auvare is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
It is regarded as one of the main publications which formed the core of the modern evolutionary synthesis and still provides the conceptual framework for research in plant evolutionary biology ; according to Ernst Mayr , '' Few later works dealing with the evolutionary systematics of plants have not been very deeply affected by Stebbins ' work .
The goaltender ( also known colloquially as the goalie , goaler or netminder , or from football : goalkeeper or keeper ) in ice hockey is the player who defends his team 's goal net by stopping shots of the puck from entering his team 's net , thus preventing the opposing team from scoring .
Married men may become priests in Eastern Orthodoxy and the Eastern Catholic Churches but in neither case may they marry after ordination , even if they become widowed .
He signed a pre-contract agreement in January after refusing to sign a new deal at Wolves a month earlier .
It was founded in 1125 by the Bishop of Constance Ulrich I . In the Swabian War and the 30 Years ' War after the siege of Constance by Swedish troops , the Augustinian monastery was burned down by the people of Constance , who blamed the monks for having supported the enemy .
Bienvillers-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
After legalization of the Church in the 4th century , the debate between Arianism and Trinitarianism , with the emperors favoring now one side now the other , was a major controversy .
Ferdinand Marie , Vicomte de Lesseps , GCSI ( 19 November 1805 -- 7 December 1894 ) was the French developer of the Suez Canal , which joined the Mediterranean and Red Seas in 1869 , and substantially reduced sailing distances and times between the West and the East .
The head and thorax are white with the abdomen being yellow-orange with a row of black spots .
Trois-Monts ( French for three-mountains ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Strait Talk : Avoiding a Nuclear War Between the U.s. and China over Taiwan Monterey Institute of International Studies , where the Dutch surrendered the fortress and left all the goods and property of the Dutch East India Company behind .
Parasitism has evolved only nine times in the plant kingdom ; Job Kuijt , Biology of Parasitic Flowering Plants ( University of California ) 1969 .
Darabi was born in the northern city of Rasht , in the province of Gilan . Before her arrest she was a high-school student .
( Okkonen , p. 36 , p. 120 ) In 1929 , numbers were first added on the backs of uniforms by the New York Yankees and the Cleveland Indians . By 1932 , all major league baseball teams had numbers on their players ' uniforms .
Well-preserved fossils have been found in the 400-million year old Rhynie cherts of Scotland , which look surprisingly modern , indicating that the basic structure of the harvestmen has not changed much since then .
The Prelude and Liebestod is a concert version of the overture and Isolde 's Act 3 aria , '' Mild und leise '' . The arrangement was by Wagner himself , and it was first performed in 1862 , several years before the premiere of the complete opera in 1865 .
Year 1695 ( MDCXCV ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a common year starting on Tuesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
Hillview is a city in Bullitt County , Kentucky , United States .
Saint-Seurin-de-Cadourne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Home April 17 Washington 4 2 Pittsburgh April 19 Washington 6 7 Pittsburgh OT April 21 Pittsburgh 3 1 Washington April 23 Pittsburgh 3 1 Washington April 25 Washington 1 4 Pittsburgh Pittsburgh wins series 4 -- 1 Campbell Conference St. Louis vs. Minnesota Date !
Islamic theology ( ) is a branch of Islamic studies regarding the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith .
Fine lines for vehicles are also called pin stripes .
The Gothic cathedral at Bourges , France , is completed .
The English country house is generally accepted as a large house or mansion , once in the ownership of an individual who also usually owned another great house in town allowing one to spend time in the country and in the city .
The Middle Kingdom of Egypt is the period in the history of ancient Egypt stretching from the establishment of the Eleventh Dynasty to the end of the Fourteenth Dynasty , between 2055 BC and 1650 BC , although some writers include the Thirteenth and Fourteenth dynasties in the Second Intermediate Period .
IGN
Breda , North Brabant , Netherlands
His next theatrical film , 1989 's Listen to Me , performed poorly at the box office .
Francombat is a French school of martial arts resembling ju-jitsu that was founded in 1988 by Alain Basset and Dominique Dumolin .
Space Runaway Ideon is a 1980 anime television series produced by Sunrise .
His major projects are SARLA -- a chain of Sewing centres in New Delhi , Uttar Pradesh , Haryana , Jharkhand and other states for self employment of poor women in India and LuRC -- ( Land use by Religious Criminals ) to counter the land mafias who occupy the land in the name of religion .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
For example , the federal government of the U.S. has a fiscal year that starts on October 1 instead of January 1 . In India the fiscal year is between April 1 and March 31 .
Danielle peaked as a 60 m storm on the 8th , while Reconnaissance Aircraft reported gusts of up to hurricane force .
Later , the Han , Sui , Northern and Jin dynasties all repaired , rebuilt , or expanded sections of the Great Wall at great cost to defend themselves against northern invaders .
Sorkin served as executive producer for the pilot episode alongside director Thomas Schlamme and John Wells .
The divisional champions in each conference would play one another in the third round for the right to advance to the Stanley Cup Finals .
That season marked the first time two brothers opposed each other in an NHL game , as Thompson 's brother Paul played for the New York Rangers .
In telecommunications , dirty paper coding ( DPC ) is a technique for efficient transmission of digital data through a channel that is subject to some interference that is known to the transmitter .
History Sion was occupied during the Neolithic era but it seems to have started to really develop during the Celtic times .
Her skating music and other favorites were compiled in the album Yuna Kim ~ Fairy On ICE ~ Skating Music ( Universal Music Korea , 2008 ) .
This season saw the reintroduction of the O'Brien Cup , which used to go to the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) , later the NHL league champion .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman in 2003 .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia .
The Japanese anthem , '' Kimi ga Yo '' , has its lyrics taken from a Heian period ( 794-1185 ) poem , yet it was not set to music until 1880 .
This would have made it more reliant on favorable environmental conditions than members of the genus Homo , such as Homo habilis , which would eat a much wider variety of foods .
Ansel Easton Adams ( February 20 , 1902 - April 22 , 1984 ) was an American photographer and environmentalist , best known for his black-and-white photographs of the American West , especially in Yosemite National Park .
November 4 & ndash ; In Egypt , British archaeologist Howard Carter and his men find the entrance to Pharaoh Tutankhamun 's tomb in the Valley of the Kings .
While popular musicians like Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry , G. Herzhaft , Encyclopedia of the Blues ( University of Arkansas Press , 1997 ) , p. 11 .
It is the headquarters of the Mysore district and the Mysore division and lies about southwest of Bangalore , the capital of Karnataka .
Hafnium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Hf and atomic number 72 .
Larch are among the dominant plants in the immense boreal forests of Russia and Canada .
With the advantage of a peculiarly fine climate , for which this part of Asia Minor has been famous in all ages , Ionia enjoyed the reputation in ancient times of being the most fertile of all the rich provinces of Asia Minor ; and even , though very imperfectly cultivated , it produces abundance of fruit of all kinds , and the raisins and figs of Smyrna supply almost all the markets of Europe .
Unless they have another sleep disorder , their sleep is of normal quality .
They fostered and inspired the birth of the Italian Renaissance along with other families of Italy , such as the Visconti and Sforza of Milan , the Este of Ferrara , and the Gonzaga of Mantua .
The first motorsports event at the track consisted of 7 motorcycle races , sanctioned by the Federation of American Motorcyclists ( FAM ) on August 14 , 1909 .
Boston ( pronounced ) is the capital and largest city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , and is one of the oldest cities in the United States .
Starr 's drumming , however , retains its double-time feel from McCartney 's section .
'' Nobody 's Home '' is Avril Lavigne 's third single from her second album Under My Skin .
At the 2006 census the population of Gundagai was 1,998 .
Coldplay was nominated for four BRIT Awards in 2009 : British Group , British Live Act , British Single ( '' Viva la Vida '' ) and British Album ( Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends ) .
While the National Hockey League ( NHL ) follows the general rules of Ice hockey , it differs slightly from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation such as the Olympics .
After the 49ers lost a fumble on the opening kickoff , the Bengals had a great scoring opportunity and drove to San Francisco 5-yard line .
He remained in office until his death in 1642 ; he was succeeded by Cardinal Mazarin , whose career he fostered .
He did his part for Comic Relief after the 2005 Indian Ocean earthquake and also in 2005 he appeared on the British TV show Top Gear as a celebrity driver .
The inspiration for Scooby-Doo 's creation as a Great Dane came from an employee of the Hanna-Barbera company , who bred this dog .
Aston , William .
The batting order , or batting lineup , in baseball is the sequence in which the nine members of the offense take their turns in batting against the pitcher .
P. crysan , P. sorbilis ) , is a climbing plant in the maple family , Sapindaceae , native to the Amazon basin and especially common in Brazil .
The alignment of the Shyok river is very unusual , originating from the Rimo glacier , it flows in a southeasternly direction and joining the Pangong range , it takes a northwestern turn , flowing parallel to its previous path .
Tropical Depression Sixteen was the sixteenth , and weakest , tropical cyclone of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
In 1945 , Moore 's purchased a home in Albuquerque , New Mexico , where he would live for the rest of his life with his wife , Julie Chavez , whom he married in 1949 .
The band , originally a surf-rock group called the Crossfires from the Planet Mars , was formed in 1965 in Westchester , California ( a neighborhood in west Los Angeles ) by Howard Kaylan and Mark Volman .
Heathers (/O1989/O) - Awards The film was a U.S. box office failure , Heathers (/O1989/O) - Box office \/O/ business but went on to become a cult classic , with high rentals and sales business .
John Kennedy claimed that their debut album is ` one of the best of 2006 ' .
His contribution to Chinese philosophy included his assigning special significance to the Analects of Confucius , the Mencius , the Great Learning , and the Doctrine of the Mean ( the Four Books ) , his emphasis on the investigation of things ( gewu ) , and the synthesis of all fundamental Confucian concepts .
The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang Dynasty ( ca .
Mrs Novel then claims that she loved Signior Opera , and died giving birth to his child .
Four is the second square number , the second centered triangular number .
Naoki Matsuda ( Matsuda Naoki ; born March 14 , 1977 in Kiry , Gunma ) is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos , as a defender .
In all of these locations , their views represent a relatively small minority of the population , and active membership of the groups is quite small .
Bayswater tube station is a London Underground station in Travelcard Zone 1 on the Circle and District lines .
Jorge Mautner ( born January 17 , 1941 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian writer and singer .
Its original ancestors are thought to have arrived with humans from southeast Asia thousands of years ago , when dogs were still relatively undomesticated and closer to their wild Asian Gray Wolf parent species , Canis lupus .
After the inner eye dissipated due to an eyewall replacement cycle , Hurricane Wilma weakened to Category 4 status , and on October 21 , it made landfall on Cozumel and on the Mexican mainland with winds of about .
Hércules de Miranda , commonly known as just Hércules ( June 2 , 1912 & ndash ; September 3 , 1982 ) , was a Brazilian football forward , who played in the 1938 FIFA World Cup with the Brazilian national team .
Vengeance ( 2002 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on July 21 , 2002 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit , Michigan .
The band released a CD on September 11 , 2007 .
It lay on the north bank of the Thames by the outflow of the Walbrook , its site now covered by Cannon Street Station and commemorated in the name of Steelyard Passage .
As an individual , apart from various awards associated with his albums and singles , Gordon Lightfoot has received sixteen Juno Awards - for top folk singer in 1965 , 1966 , 1968 , 1969 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1976 and 1977 , for top male vocalist in 1967 , 1970 , 1971 , 1972 and 1973 , and as composer of the year in 1972 and 1976 .
The first edition of the ISO 8601 standard was published in 1988 .
Khaba is believed to have reigned a relatively brief four years between 2640 to 2637 BC , although these dates are highly conjectural , based on what scant evidence exists of this early king .
Uruk is eponymous of the Uruk period , the protohistoric Chalcolithic to Early Bronze Age period in the history of Mesopotamia spanning c. 4000 to 3100 BC , succeeded by the Jemdet Nasr period of Sumer proper .
Amphitrite was discovered by Albert Marth on March 1 , 1854 , at the private South Villa Observatory , in Regent 's Park , London .
The original 1:2 head to height ratio became 1:2.5 .
The museum is housed in the towers of the famous bridge built between 1916 and 1918 .
He played for the Brazilian national team at 1999 Copa América in Paraguay .
Growing from 15-50m tall , they are native to much of the cooler temperate northern hemisphere , on lowlands in the far north , and high on mountains further south .
The festival is now operated by Aldeburgh Music , which also runs the Britten-Pears Young Artist Programme ( formerly the Britten-Pears School for Advanced Musical Studies ) , Aldeburgh Residencies - a program offering bespoke training and development opportunities to UK and international artists - as well as an extensive education program . Aldeburgh 's artist development programs feed heavily into the June festival and other events throughout the year .
Once they arrive at the factory , they are lead to a security scanner , which surreptitiously collects their DNA to transfer to an '' Archetype '' ( Thomas Knight ) under the supervision of the factory 's owner , Mrs Wormwood ( Samantha Bond ) .
Decisively defeating an allied army of Thebes and Athens at the Battle of Chaeronea ( 338 BC ) , he became de facto hegemon of all of Greece .
These pianos are true pianos with action and strings .
History First recorded in the eleventh century , the town has been known by several variations of the name : Doverin ( in 1098 ) , Dovring ( in 1120 ) , Dovrin ( in 1149 ) , Dovrign ( in 1218 ) , Douvringnum ( in 1229 ) , Douvrin ( in the fifteenth century ) and also as Douvrain ( in 1652 ) .
It is famous for its architecture , evocative of Solomon 's Temple of the Old Testament , and its decoration that has been frescoed throughout by the greatest Renaissance artists including Michelangelo , Raphael , Bernini , and Sandro Botticelli .
When used today , however , it designates the director or chief conductor of an orchestra or choir .
In '' The Sound of Drums '' ( 2007 ) and '' The End of Time '' ( 2010 ) , a flashback shows the Master at the age of eight , when as part of a Time Lord initiation ceremony he is taken before a gap in the fabric of space and time known as the Untempered Schism , from which one can see into the entire Vortex .
BBC Radio 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
Grigny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The show starred Faith Ford as Hope Shanowski and Kelly Ripa as Faith Fairfield .
Cham is a village in the canton of Zug in Switzerland .
Its center is the city of Banja Luka and it 's located in the northwest of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
This was expanded upon by John Knox ( see Presbyterian worship ) ; only Psalms were sung , and they were sung a cappella .
The only restriction on selection is the '' Under-21 rule '' .
A platform can be described simply as an operating system or computer architecture , or it could be the combination of both .
The median income per household member ( including all working and non-working members above the age of 14 ) was $ 26,036 in 2006 .
This power , 3 , is called the logarithm of 8 with respect to base 2 .
The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 is a three-engine medium - to long-range widebody airliner , with two engines mounted on underwing pylons and a third engine at the base of the vertical stabilizer .
Although a quote similar to this was attributed to Lincoln and inserted by the director into the 1960 Disney movie version of the story , it is actually , as written here , from the original book and not attributed .
The Parana pines are in private and public areas , now protected by environmental legislation which prevents them from being felled .
As a part of mission life the Indians were taught Spanish and Latin for services , how to read music , sing as well as how to be skilled weavers , seamstresses , carpenters , tile makers , farmers and cattle herders .
Matthew Stajan ( born December 19 , 1983 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center currently playing for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Following the stewards ' investigation into the incident at the 2007 Japanese Grand Prix , Alonso stated : '' I 'm not thinking of this championship anymore , it 's been decided off the track .
It is said that one day , he saw a wild boar and proclaimed , '' I want to kill Soga Umako like this wild boar . '' This angered Soga no Umako and , perhaps out of fear of being struck first , Umako had Sushun assassinated by Yamato no Aya no Ataikoma in 592 .
For just counting , feminine is used ( except echad ) .
Apollo is the son of Zeus and Leto , and has a twin sister , the chaste huntress Artemis .
Arthur , Prince of Wales ( 19\/20 September 1486 & ndash ; 2 April 1502 ) was the first son of King Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York , and therefore , heir to the throne of England .
Popular culture Lamb of God is also the name of an American death metal band from Richmond , Virginia .
The motto and symbol of the IPC were changed in 2003 to their current versions .
Emir Kassan -- Bass on '' Fame ''
She is best-known for starring in and writing her comedy sketch show , French and Saunders , alongside her comedy partner Jennifer Saunders , and for playing the lead role of Geraldine Granger in the sitcom The Vicar of Dibley .
After separation , the radioactive tracer then was found in the protein shells , but not in the infected bacteria , supporting the hypothesis that the genetic material which infects the bacteria is DNA .
Sir James Matthew Barrie , 1st Baronet OM ( 9 May 1860 -- 19 June 1937 ) , more commonly known as J. M. Barrie , was a Scottish author and dramatist .
After pursuing Confederate General Robert E. Lee into Maryland , Union Army Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan launched attacks against Lee 's army , in defensive positions behind Antietam Creek .
Born in Moscow , Kandinsky spent his childhood in Odessa .
Several other rules also brought the Knickerbockers ' game close to the modern one , though a ball caught on the first bounce was , again , an out and only underhand pitching was allowed .
It is a member of the Developing 8 Countries .
About subst Definition The subst : keyword ( short for '' substitution '' ) is used as a prefix inside template code .
The town was named after the English village of Kineton , Warwickshire .
Carlos Ray '' Chuck '' Norris ( born March 10 , 1940 ) is an American martial artist , actor and media personality .
In English-speaking countries , alici are sometimes called '' white anchovies '' , and are often served in a weak vinegar marinade , a preservation method associated with the coastal town of Collioure in southeast France .
Deathwatch ( Haute surveillance ) 1944\/1949\/1949
The Boston Celtics ( ) are a professional basketball club based in Boston , Massachusetts , playing in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
They are located in Nashville , Tennessee , and are named for the city 's association with the music industry .
It is the sequel to the 1995 SNES game , ' .
Moakes joined the band after answering an advert in NME magazine , while Tong was picked via an audition .
It has formed the basis of the Showtime television series Dexter and won the 2005 Dilys Award .
The cathedral has the tallest church spire in the United Kingdom ( 123m\/404 ft ) .
Chorus May the laurels be eternal , the ones we managed to win .
One of the most characteristic properties of ammonia is its basicity .
Stimulation of the larynx by ingested matter produces a strong cough reflex to protect the lungs .
The traditional author is listed after each entry ; modern scholarship generally regards these as anonymous .
The contenders reached agreement in 1572 in the Division of Erfurt by which John William added the districts of Altenburg , Gotha and Meiningen to Saxe-Weimar .
They are usually found buried in sand in shallow parts of temperate or tropical seas .
Advance Wars , known in Japan as Game Boy Wars Advance is a turn-based tactics video game developed for the Game Boy Advance by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo in 2001 .
Over the span of three years more than 16,000 solar home systems have been financed through 2,000 bank branches , particularly in rural areas of South India where the electricity grid does not yet extend .
This user was created less than 6 months ago , such usernames may not be usurped .
But , James thought Austen an '' unconscious '' artist whom he described as '' instinctive and charming '' .
This list also includes other educational institutions providing higher education , meaning tertiary , quaternary , and , in some cases , post-secondary education .
The highest point in the range and the peninsula is the peak of 4714 f Mount Osborn .
After World War II , the Saarland came under French occupation and administration again , as the Saar Protectorate .
The original European town that was gazetted in 1838 was situated on the right hand bank of the Murrumbidgee River floodplain at the place colloquially known as ` The Crossing Place ' .
Salisbury Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury , England , considered one of the leading examples of Early English architecture .
Select '' Options '' on Windows , or '' Preferences '' on Mac OSX and Linux Click the '' Content '' tab .
The character first appears in the Dragon Ball manga , followed by Dragon Ball Z. Frieza also appears in the television special Bardock : The Father of Goku , a few Dragon Ball Z movies , the side story The Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans , and in Dragon Ball GT .
The 41 staff members of the Kandahar outlet have been drawn from the Canadian Forces Personnel Support Agency who received training on such matters as how to handle a potential nuclear or biological attack before working at the military base .
Dinosaur Comics is a constrained webcomic by Canadian writer Ryan North .
However , since the year 2000 , Baldwin County as a whole , has experienced rapid population growth , second only to Shelby County in Alabama .
The show also aired in syndication from January 2002 through September 2003 .
Evanescence is an American rock band founded in Little Rock , Arkansas in 1995 by singer\/pianist Amy Lee and guitarist Ben Moody .
As a result of the development of agriculture in the south , many important cultural advances were made there .
The two women wrestled each other at WrestleMania 22 , where James won the match to claim her first reign as Women 's Champion .
The parts of the body affected by early symptoms of ALS depend on which motor neurons in the body are damaged first .
Austin American-Statesman , April 15 , 1997 .
After extensive retrofitting , the MTR system has become , in general , disabled-friendly - the trains have dedicated wheelchair space , the stations have special floor tiles to guide the blind safely on the platforms , and there are extra wide entry and exit gates for wheelchairs as well .
It will make them super strong and everything they touch will die , for a short time .
The 1934 -- 35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Yonezawa had been in debt for roughly a hundred years when Harunori took over ; Shigesada even considered returning the domain to the shogunate as a last resort .
During World War II , Nissel was interned as a '' friendly enemy alien '' on the Isle of Man where he met the violist Peter Schidlof and later the violinist Norbert Brainin .
Nkrumah served as Vice-President of the West African Students ' Union ( WASU ) .
It was named after George Smith Houston , a Governor of Alabama .
She was born and brought up in Budapest , Hungary , and now lives in Lubbock , Texas , having recently moved from Forest Hills , Queens in New York City , where she ran the Polgar Chess Center and the Susan Polgar Foundation , which gives chess training to children , especially girls .
Citing comments by Essjay on his Wikipedia talk pages , Sanger asserted that other members of Wikipedia management , including Angela Beesley ( co-founder of Wikia and a member of Wikimedia Foundation 's Communications Committee ) and Brad Patrick ( legal counsel for the Wikimedia Foundation ) had participated in hiring Jordan despite their knowledge of the identity discrepancy .
There were two different American Hockey Associations : American Hockey Association ( 1926-1942 ) - A minor pro league existing between 1926 and 1942 .
Finlay has held over twenty championships around the world throughout his career , including the WCW World Television Championship and the WWE United States Championship .
The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim were founded in 1993 by The Walt Disney Company .
Please see the individual products ' articles or websites or the cited references for further information .
Keiji Yoshimura is a Japanese footballer who plays for Nagoya Grampus .
Walt Disney jokingly called this group of animators his '' Nine Old Men , '' referring to Franklin D. Roosevelt 's dismissive description of the nine justices of the US Supreme Court , even though the animators were in their thirties and forties at the time .
It is a major collector road through mostly rural areas that serves primarily as a shortcut for traffic from the two main north- south routes in the area , U.S. Route 9 ( US 9 ) and NY 9G , to get to NY 199 and the Taconic State Parkway .
Joel Norman Quenneville ( born September 15 , 1958 in Windsor , Ontario ) is the head coach of the Chicago Blackhawks professional ice hockey team .
In 1703 , however , Anne once again revived the Order of the Thistle , which survives to this day .
'' Day , Holly and Pilhofer , Michael (/O2007/O) .
He returned as an on screen manager for World Wrestling Entertainment , recently appearing on its now-defunct ECW brand .
'' Boy '' ( Book of Love song )
Curtis Eugene Davies ( born 15 March 1985 in London ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central defender .
The English name '' James '' comes from Italian '' Giacomo '' , a variant of '' Giacobo '' derived from Iacobus ( Jacob ) in Latin , itself from the Greek Iacovos .
The first general council at Constantinople in 381 in canon VII and the third general council at Constantinople in 680 in canon XCV declared the baptism of Sabellius to be invalid , which indicates that Sabellianism was still extant .
Beussent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The two had constant confrontations in the following weeks over the legitimacy of Punk 's reign before they met at The Bash in a match that saw Punk get disqualified for striking the referee , leading to Hardy attacking Punk for what he saw as dodging competition ( a title can not change hands on a disqualification ) .
By that time the Bartlett variety had become vastly popular in the United States , and they are still generally known as Bartlett pears in the U.S. and Canada , although there are about 150 other synonyms worldwide .
Henry Clay , Sr. ( April 12 , 1777 -- June 29 , 1852 ) was a nineteenth-century American statesman and orator who represented Kentucky in both the House of Representatives and Senate .
She was involved with the short-lived publication , Revision , with Luis Mercier Vega and was a member of the group that edited Revolt , War Commentary , and the Freedom newspaper , which is still being published by the Freedom Bookstore in London .
Constructed at Crewe Works in 1954 , the Duke , as it is popularly known , was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class locomotive number 46202 Princess Anne , which was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952 .
Le Mesnil-Robert is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The continental crust is typically from to thick , and is mostly composed of slightly less dense rocks than those of the oceanic crust .
About 90 % of the world 's extractable amber is still located in the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia on the Baltic Sea .
Instead , pasteurization aims to reduce the number of viable pathogens so they are unlikely to cause disease ( assuming the pasteurization product is refrigerated and consumed before its expiration date ) .
Houston Acres is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
The Crisis of the Third Century ( also '' Military Anarchy '' or '' Imperial Crisis '' ) ( 235 - 284 AD ) was a period in which the Roman Empire nearly collapsed under the combined pressures of invasion , civil war , plague , and economic depression .
The Dry Tortugas are a small group of islands , located at the end of the Florida Keys , USA , about 70 m west of Key West , and 37 m west of the Marquesas Keys , the closest islands .
Red Bull contains taurine , glucuronolactone , caffeine , B vitamins , sucrose , and glucose .
Soon after the dissipation of Beryl , Tropical Storm Chris formed in the Gulf of Mexico on September 9 .
According to news reports , various agencies demanded new tires , and Firestone conducted an investigation of the complaints , tested the tires and asserted that the tires had been abused or under-inflated .
'' Integration requires effort from those that are to be integrated .
Grangues is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Since 2004 she has dated her Lost co-star , Dominic Monaghan .
Little information on Egyptian rituals for Isis survives , however , it is clear there were both priests and priestesses officiating at her cult rituals throughout its entire history .
He is the founder of MASS Movement and Action for Social Services - ( ) .
Kenyanthropus platyops The fossil found features a broad flat face with a toe bone that suggests it probably walked upright .
Boudewijn '' Bolo '' Zenden ) ( born 15 August 1976 in Maastricht ) is a Dutch football midfielder .
Since 1981 , the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL general managers to the most outstanding goaltender .
His next event was a 14-game match with former World Champion Max Euwe in the Netherlands , held from December 1939 -- January 1940 .
New Line Cinema , often simply known as New Line , is one of the major American film studios .
Serfdom involved not only work in fields , but also various other activities , like forestry , mining , transportation ( both land and river-based ) , and crafts .
Irenaeus in Against Heresies notes the Gnostic view that the Ascension happened eighteen months after the Resurrection .
Several species live around human habitation , and are effectively omnivores .
Construction of the plant was started in 1975 by German companies , but the work was stopped in 1979 after the Islamic revolution of Iran .
These included the Sauropterygia , which featured pachypleurosaurs and nothosaurs ( both common during the Middle Triassic , especially in the Tethys region ) , placodonts , and the first plesiosaurs ; the first of the lizardlike Thalattosauria ( askeptosaurs ) ; and the highly successful ichthyosaurs , which appeared in Early Triassic seas and soon diversified , some eventually developing to huge size during the late Triassic .
One traditional opinion is that Muslim women are required to observe the hijab , covering everything but the hands and face , as a sign of modesty .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
Germagnat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In 2001 , the Madison Black Wolf became the Lincoln Saltdogs ( Lincoln , Nebraska ) while in 2003 the Duluth-Superior Dukes became the Kansas City T-Bones ( Kansas City , Kansas ) .
The population was 685 at the 2000 census .
The album was released in the United States exclusively through Wal-Mart and Sam 's Club retail stores on May 13 , 2008 .
The Banana Bender and The death of Minnie .
Eye of the Storm is the sixth extended play by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse .
Emmaus Nicopolis ( lit .
Disney 's Toontown Online ( commonly known as Toontown ) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game created by The Walt Disney Company and billed as the first such game intended for kids and families .
She became the first First Lady of the United States to be a candidate for elected office .
Morena Baccarin ( born June 2 , 1979 ) is a Brazilian actress best known for her roles as Inara Serra in the sci-fi television series Firefly , and as Adria in Stargate SG-1 .
It is rebuilt in 1961 and called the Deutsche Oper Berlin .
Anvari accuses Mu ` izzi of copying the verses of other poets ( which can not be proven for certain ) , yet Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu ` izzi 's verses .
Takashi Kuramoto is a Japanese football player .
Traditional bass designs such as the Fender Precision Bass and Fender Jazz Bass remained popular in the first decade of the 21st century ; in 2006 , a 60th Anniversary P-bass was introduced by Fender , along with the introduction of the Fender Jaguar Bass .
The village covers an area of 6 km2 .
Year-round full-time workers with a professional degree had an average income of $ 109,600 while those with a Master 's degree had an average income of $ 62,300 .
Her big break came when writer/director James Cameron picked Alba from a pool of 1,200 candidates for the role of the genetically-engineered super-soldier , Max Guevara , on the Fox sci-fi television series Dark Angel .
In field events , indoor meets only feature the high jump , pole vault , long jump , triple jump , and shot put ( weight throw ) .
Leonid Rubeni Azkaldian ( ) ( 23 November 1942 Tbilisi & ndash ; 21 June 1992 Martakert ) was an Armenian physicist and one of the founders and commander of the '' Liberation Army '' military organization .
Each one arrived , as instructed by the producers , dressed in street clothes typical of one 's career - ostensibly for publicity photos - but this was the only clothing for all of the game .
Karyotypes describe the number of chromosomes , and what they look like under a light microscope .
Flag-bearers from each participating country enter , followed by the athletes who enter together , without any national distinction .
On May 13 , 1497 , Savonarola was excommunicated by Pope Alexander VI , and in 1498 , Alexander demanded his arrest and execution .
Since he was God , he could not die .
Dr James MacMillan CBE , ( born July 16 , 1959 ) is a Scottish classical composer and conductor .
Champagne-en-Valromey
The company is famous for its SEGA !
The Barcelona Metro ( Catalan : Metro de Barcelona ) , part of the public transportation system of Barcelona , Catalunya , is an extensive network of electrified railways that run underground in central Barcelona and above ground into the city 's suburbs .
Balmoral Castle is a large estate house situated in the area of Aberdeenshire , Scotland , known as Royal Deeside .
Its headquarters are located in Washington , D.C. , USA .
Gertrude Baines married Sam Conley at a '' very young age '' and had a daughter , Annabelle , born in 1909 , who died of typhoid fever at age 18 .
Ethiopian Airlines ( in short ) , formerly Ethiopian Air Lines , often referred to as simply Ethiopian , is an airline headquartered on the grounds of Bole International Airport in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Carroll , 10 To most bishops , the teachings of Arius were heretical and dangerous to the salvation of souls .
However , it may be difficult to reintroduce EW species into the wild , even if their natural habitats were restored , because survival techniques , which are normally passed from parents to offspring during parenting , may be lost .
The Montreal Wanderers were a Canadian amateur , and later becoming a professional men 's ice hockey team .
Tennessee 's capital and second largest city is Nashville , which has a population of 626,144 .
Prairie City is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
In the north , the Lake Superior Lowland occupies a belt of land along Lake Superior .
The breed was imported to Europe in the 16th century by the Dutch East India Company .
The term speed of light generally refers to the speed at which light travels in free space .
To the south it borders the borough of Cheshire West and Chester , in Cheshire .
His importance resides not only in his visual contributions to Impressionism and Post-Impressionism , but also in his patriarchal standing among his colleagues , particularly Paul Cézanne and Paul Gauguin .
Gothic is an extinct Germanic language that was spoken by the Goths .
The Baja California peninsula ( meaning '' Lower California peninsula '' ) is a peninsula in northwestern Mexico .
Clairfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A relatively small fraction of these topics are frequently censored by educational , governmental , corporate , parental , and other filtering schemes .
This view of the disease was first formulated by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan between 1871 and 1874 .
Return to Rangers A fee of # 2 million was agreed between Rangers and Derby allowing Miller to enter into discussions about a transfer back to Ibrox on 10 June 2008 .
The Horn of Africa ( , , ) ( alternatively Northeast Africa , and sometimes Somali Peninsula ; shortened to HOA ) is a peninsula in East Africa that juts for hundreds of kilometers into the Arabian Sea , and lies along the southern side of the Gulf of Aden .
The first book of sheet music printed from movable type was Harmonice Musices Odhecaton , a collection of ninety-six chansons by many composers , published in Venice in 1501 by Ottaviano Petrucci .
Shi'as view that Ali , the prophet of Islam 's son-in-law and the progenitor of Muhammad 's only continuing lineage , was given the title during Muhammad 's era .
The product was shipped in over two thousand chests , each containing 140 pounds ( 64 kg ) of opium .
In 1936 , while a member of the a member of the BBC Singers , he met Benjamin Britten , who was to become his lover .
Gallium is a metal that will melt in one 's hand .
The tribe claims descent from Dhond Khan ( a nickname of Shah Wali Khan ) and ` Abbas ibn ` Abd al-Muttalib and hence are known as Dhond Abbasi .
Although she actually has feelings for him beyond that , she is too shy to express them .
He has contributed cast memorabilia to the college 's fund raisers .
The word potato may refer to the plant itself as well as the edible tuber .
A parasitic relationship is one in which one member of the association benefits while the other is harmed .
Hugo 's early childhood was marked by great events .
Masseilles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story , commonly referred to as simply Dodgeball , is a American comedy film produced by 20th Century Fox and Red Hour Productions , written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber and starring Vince Vaughn , Ben Stiller , Christine Taylor , and Rip Torn .
Jiro Kamata is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Raffles Institution ( Secondary ) ( RI ( Secondary ) ) is the all-boys ' Secondary section of Raffles Institution .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1989/1990 season was contested by 18 teams .
Organizations and groups Bushmen , in Southern Africa , also known as Khwe Khoe , Basarwa , or San South African Navy SAN Ecuador ( Servicio Aéreo Nacional ) , National Air Service Transportation San Motors , an Indian automobile manufacturer .
The modern day Netherlands are divided into twelve provinces ( provincies in Dutch ) .
In tetrapods , the tarsus is a cluster of articulating bones in each foot situated between the lower end of tibia and fibula of the lower leg and the metatarsus .
Early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain Central Asian instruments .
More generically , ICANN is responsible for managing the assignment of domain names and IP addresses .
BookCrossing.com users can ` go hunting ' , where a member will go to the website to view a list of books that have recently been '' released '' , then go to the location it was left to '' catch '' it .
The musket replaced the arquebus , and was in turn replaced by the rifle .
The village of Bridgeview is home to the Chicago Fire of Major League Soccer .
Gerard Kitchen O'Neill ( February 6 , 1927 -- April 27 , 1992 ) was an American physicist and space activist .
Saint-Genis-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
These early attempts to create sky blue colors were often less than satisfactory due to greenish hues and lack of permanence .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O2/O) according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
(/O1980/O) .
Note that , in this scheme , many places within the tropics do not have a tropical climate : for example , the Sahara desert .
Other individuals who consider themselves Thelemites regard what is commonly presented as Crowley 's system to be only one possible manifestation of Thelema , creating original systems , such as those of Nema , and Kenneth Grant .
Palos Verdes Estates , Rancho Palos Verdes , Rolling Hills , and Rolling Hills Estates are the predominant cities in the area , with a part of San Pedro protruding on the eastern end of the peninsula .
It was founded by Milton S. Hershey in 1894 as the Hershey Chocolate Company , a subsidiary of his Lancaster Caramel Company .
The district comprises two sub-divisions ( Usta Mohammad and Jhat Pat ) containing four Tehsils - Usta Mohammad , Jhatpat , Gandakha and Suhbat Pur .
Shows airing in repeats will come from cooks in Canada and Great Britain , such as Food Network Canada host David Rocco , who will host the self-titled David Rocco 's Dolce Vita and Irish chef Rachel Allen with Rachel Allen : Bake ! .
Other names which are often used in the same close context are programmer , software analyst and software engineer .
Its origins date back to the 1972 - 73 debate over French nuclear testing in the Pacific and the 1976 - 77 debate about uranium mining in Australia .
Escape The Fate toured Australia on the Soundwave Festival , and officially began playing '' Bad Blood '' as part of their live set .
Sodium amide , commonly called sodamide , is the chemical compound with the formula NaNH2 .
Allison became the first Atlantic tropical storm to have its name retired .
Jinn Sh t ki , p. 93 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
For this reason , many theologians have come to see the image of the flood as a myth , that should not be taken literally .
Orchard is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
Impact , preparation , and records In response to the weather system , the American National Weather Service issued wind watches for the Oregon Coast .
The Stuarts lived on the European mainland after that , occasionally attempting to regain the throne with the aid of France and Spain .
Gaziantep Science High School is a public boarding high school in Gaziantep , Turkey with a curriculum concentrating on natural sciences and mathematics , and with teaching in Turkish .
People use OK to mean that something is good or correct , or to mean that we agree with something that somebody says to us or asks us to do .
Common names include Horseweed , Canadian Horseweed , Canadian Fleabane , Coltstail , Marestail and Butterweed .
Richard Griffiths as Vernon Dursley , Harry 's uncle who treats him poorly , only caring for his son Dudley .
In bacterial meningitis , bacteria reach the meninges by one of two main routes : through the bloodstream or through direct contact between the meninges and either the nasal cavity or the skin .
North Carolina became one of the English Thirteen Colonies , and was originally known as Province of Carolina .
Chigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As one of the few access points to the ocean along this stretch of coast , Oregon Inlet is a major departure point for charter fishing trips , with a nearby harbor serving as the base for many large boats that travel miles out towards the Gulf Stream almost every day .
In photography and cinematography , a telephoto lens is a specific construction of a long focal length photographic lens in which the physical length of the lens is shorter than the focal length .
The band has successfully broken free from its original niche by courting mainstream publicity ( often to the chagrin of its early fanbase ) , and this increased accessibility has brought coverage by the likes of Kerrang !
East Northamptonshire
Mercer University is an independent , private , coeducational university with a Baptist heritage located in the U.S. state of Georgia .
December & ndash ; Pipo of Ozora , Hungarian military leader
The South Island ( M ori : Te Wai Pounamu ) is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand , the other being the more populous North Island .
Novara Calcio is an Italian football club based in Novara , Piedmont .
He became a close friend of Gilson in the 1930s .
He was posthumously inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Their first son Gabriel was born on July 12 , 2003 and their second son Dillon was born on August 14 , 2007 .
Significant modern impresarios in the traditional sense include Rudolf Bing , Sergei Diaghilev , Richard D'Oyly Carte , Fortune Gallo , Sol Hurok , and Aaron Richmond .
This yearly event includes local artists and international pop rock stars for 3 days .
Retrieved on 2008-06-20 He grew up in the area of the Liverpool docks .
La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Wizardry is a series of computer role-playing games , developed by Sir-Tech , that were popular in the 1980s .
Companies now include instant messaging as an integral component of their policies on appropriate use of the World Wide Web , e-mail , and other corporate assets .
They were formally engaged in Birmingham , in January 1913 , and married in Warwick , England , at Saint Mary Immaculate Catholic Church on 22 March 1916 .
The dots that run along the dorsal side of the caterpillars vary from a light yellow to a dark magenta .
It is usually more piano-based than other forms of the blues , and is closely related to the jump blues , ragtime and piano blues .
In 1900 , by an Act of the Legislature of Alabama , the County Seat was authorized for relocation to the City of Bay Minette , however , the City of Daphne resisted relocation .
The performer is commonly known as a comic , stand-up comic , stand-up comedian or simply a stand-up .
Barnett : Marlborough , 43 The assignment had helped Churchill develop a breadth of experience that other mere soldiers were never to achieve , yet because of the duplicitous dealings of Charles II 's secret negotiations with Louis XIV ( Charles had no intention of waging war against France ) , the mission ultimately proved abortive .
Chang ` an is an ancient capital of more than ten dynasties in Chinese history , today known as Xi ` an .
A button company was founded in 1884 by a German immigrant named J.F. Boepple , producing buttons by punching them out of clam shells harvested from the Mississippi River .
The Italian Navy 's most successful attack was when divers planted mines on British battleships during the Raid on Alexandria ( 19 December 1941 ) .
In 1990 , the Hubble Space Telescope observed an enormous white cloud near Saturn 's equator which was not present during the Voyager encounters , and , in 1994 , another smaller storm was observed .
An example of mutual symbiosis is the relationship between the ocellaris clownfish that dwell among the tentacles of Ritteri sea anemones .
Colline-Beaumont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Their tail will drop off and wriggle around for a little while , and the salamanders will either run away or stay still enough to not be noticed while the predator is distracted .
Indemini is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is a colorless solid used as an ingredient in toothpastes that are typically more expensive than those that use sodium fluoride .
The Giro was inspired by the Tour de France .
The term Proto-Human language ( also Proto-Sapiens , Proto-World ) designates the hypothetical most recent common ancestor of all the world 's languages .
BAA claims that Heathrow is the '' world 's busiest international airport '' , but in 2010 it was only the world 's fourth-busiest by total passenger traffic , after Atlanta , Beijing and Chicago O'Hare which are also international airports .
September 2 & ndash ; The Italian city of Castro is completely destroyed by the forces of Pope Innocent X , ending the Wars of Castro .
At the first Twenty20 cricket match between Australia and England in Adelaide on 12 January , both teams donated part of their match fees to help the victims and A$ 28,450 was collected from people in attendance .
The tower was constructed using original fabrication techniques by six masons who placed the machine-pre-cut stone individually as they arrived .
R ux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
July & ndash ; Owain Lawgoch , titular Prince of Wales & ndash ; assassinated ( born circa 1330 )
Duke and Witcher then combined forces and charged the Union 's extreme left flank , inflicting significant damage on a Union colored regiment .
Thousands of peanut cultivars are grown , with four major cultivar groups being the most popular : Spanish , Runner , Virginia , and Valencia .
Wireless headsets are quickly becoming a new trend for both business and consumer communications .
Powderfinger performed alongside Silverchair , Missy Higgins , and other artists to an audience of 700 .
With war looming on 24 February 2003 , Saddam Hussein took part in an interview with CBS News reporter Dan Rather .
In Victoria the Buckland River goldfield was the scene of repeated incidents , culminating in a major riot in July 1857 .
Now almost entirely in Derbyshire , New Mills straddled the historic county boundaries of Derbyshire and Cheshire .
William Henry Perkin 's aniline dye mauveine allowed the widespread use of that color in fashion .
Campbell , Reece , & Mitchell , p. 612 Some octopus species are also able to walk along the sea bed .
Each Victoria line station apart from Pimlico was built as an interchange station , and several existing stations were rearranged to allow for cross-platform interchange with the new line .
Buchs is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The poll showed 51 % identified as being Catholics , 31 % identified as being agnostics or atheists ( another poll sets the proportion of atheists equal to 27 % ) , 10 % identified as being from other religions or being without opinion , 4 % identified as Muslim , 3 % identified as Protestant , 1 % identified as Buddhist , 1 % identified as Jewish .
This provides not only directional but also temporal information .
It is one of the most successful national ice hockey teams in the world . The team 's general manager is Peter Bondra and their head coach is Glen Hanlon .
Warren Street tube station is a London Underground station , located at the intersection of Tottenham Court Road and Euston Road .
The calorie is a pre-SI metric unit of energy .
In parts of South Asia such as India and Pakistan , football is much less popular than cricket .
In 1892 , a light railway or tram was built to connect Yass Junction on the main line and Yass Town .
The city of Melbourne in Australia was named after him .
Magny-Fouchard is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Azula ( Princess Azula ) is a fictional character and a chief antagonist from Nickelodeon 's animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Scarlino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 100 k southwest of Florence and about 25 k northwest of Grosseto .
Around 2006 , Pot Noodle 's recipe was changed to make the product healthier .
Eastern Arizona College , Thatcher
Angela 's clothing is provided by Adidas .
In the course of time stealing of divine images became so common a practice in Japan that the Toshi-no-ichi or the ` year-end-market ' held in the Asakusa Kannon temple became the main venue of the sale and disposal of such images by the fortune-seekers .
Founded as a seaport in 1888 by the Spaniard Eloi Pino , Djibouti became the capital of French Somaliland in 1891 , replacing Tadjourah .
It is believed that the first significant wave of Syrian immgirant to arrive to the United States was in 1880 .
Monks traditionally studied thirteen major sutra and tantra texts of the Nyingma , and learned the practices stemming from various terma , especially from the lineage of Terdak Lingpa .
Since 1995 the city center has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Adams was born in Laneast , near Launceston , Cornwall and died in Cambridge .
Most Haunted is a British paranormal documentary reality television series that premiered on May 25 , 2002 on Living presented by Yvette Fielding .
Despite the success of these two Robinsons and other black players , the number of African-American players in Major League Baseball has declined since the 1970s .
In November 2006 , the International Labor Organization announced it will be seeking '' to prosecute members of the ruling Myanmar junta for crimes against humanity '' over the continuous forced labor of its citizens by the military at the International Court of Justice .
image : Santaeulaliabarcelona224 .
However he extended his lead to 12 points after winning the in heavy rain after Alonso crashed .
Created by Ken Sugimori , Meowth first appeared in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels , later appearing in various merchandise , spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise .
Command-line interface , the typical use of the computer console
Chantal generated swells of 30 -- 40 ft ( 9 -- 12 m ) offshore .
Indemini ( ) is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The default position on Wikipedia is that editors who should edit using one account only .
The Enabling Act ( German : ) was passed by Germany 's Reichstag and signed by President Paul von Hindenburg on March 23 , 1933 .
At WWE 's previous pay-per-view event , Armageddon , Hardy had defeated defending champion Edge and Triple H in a Triple Threat match , a standard match involving three wrestlers , to win the WWE Championship .
According to computer models reported in Astrobiology , a deposit of such radioactive materials could show the same self-sustaining nuclear reaction as that found in the Oklo uranium ore seam in Gabon .
It was revived in 2007 as four straight-to-DVD films ; the last of the four was released in early 2009 .
Some oaths of office are a statement of loyalty to a constitution or other legal text or to a person or other office-holder ( e.g. , an oath to support the constitution of the state , or of loyalty to the king ) .
Akita Yutaka ; born 6 August 1970 in Nagoya , Aichi ) is a Japanese former football player who was on the Japanese national football team at the 1998 Football World Cup in France and the 2002 Football World Cup in South Korea/Japan .
Its length is 116 km .
When fully operational in 2011 , the Mojave Solar Park will deliver 553 megawatts of solar power , the equivalent of powering 400,000 homes , to PG&E 's customers in northern and central California .
It is famous for the Thrissur Pooram festival , the most colourful and spectacular temple festival of Kerala .
Loupiac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Although rivers and canals often provide passage between two large lakes or a lake and a sea , and these seem to suit the formal definition of straits , they are not usually referred to as such .
He also served as the 46th Governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000 .
She achieved wide fame for her role as Miley Stewart\/Hannah Montana on the Disney Channel sitcom Hannah Montana .
Juan Carlos Ablanedo Iglesias ( born 2 September 1963 in Mieres , Asturias ) is a former Spanish football goalkeeper .
Ubuntu Live USB Creator ( usb-creator ) is an official tool to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from the Live CD or from an iso image .
Osogna is a municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Titan at the USGS Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature , accessed April 12 , 2008 .
Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic ( KotOR ) is a role-playing video game developed by BioWare and published by LucasArts .
The show began broadcasting in HD beginning with the January 25 , 2008 edition of SmackDown , where a new set debuted - shared between both WWE brands .
Over ninety airlines operate out of JFK .
Food waste is '' any food substance , raw or cooked , which is discarded , or intended or required to be discarded '' , according to the legal definition of waste by the EU Commission .
Joey Ramone ( born Jeffry Ross Hyman ) ( May 19 , 1951 -- April 15 , 2001 ) was a vocalist and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist in the punk rock band the Ramones .
Early in his career , Satriani worked as a guitar instructor , and some of his former students have achieved fame with their guitar skills ( Steve Vai , Larry LaLonde , Kirk Hammett , Andy Timmons , Charlie Hunter , Kevin Cadogan , Alex Skolnick ) .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 family comedy film by Walt Disney Pictures .
Dysprosium 's physical characteristics can be greatly affected even by small amounts of impurities .
On January 1 , 2006 Ciney had a total population of 14,958 .
Saint-Alban is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Jahan 's eldest daughter , the devoted Jahanara Begum , gradually brought him out of grief and took the place of Mumtaz at court .
Aragorn takes Gimli and Legolas through the Paths of the Dead where he raises an undead army of oath-breakers .
and its odd rocks are frequented by sea-lions .
Mary Stevenson Cassatt ( ; May 22 , 1844June 14 , 1926 ) was an American painter and printmaker .
Through Belinda 's gentleness , Lady Delacour begins to be kinder to her husband , and grows warmer towards her daughter Helena .
Wii Sports Resort is set in a beach resort on an archipelago called Wuhu Island .
In 1796 the monastery in Wigry was dissolved and its property confiscated by the Prussian government .
He is the son of the late wrestler Terry Gordy , best known for his time in the Fabulous Freebirds and the Miracle Violence Connection .
Wallonia ( , , Dutch : , ) is the predominantly French-speaking southern region of Belgium .
The film ended up earning over $ 677 million worldwide during its theatrical run .
Catania cast doubt on whether Pavlov ever actually used a bell in his famous experiments .
In 741 , Pepin married Bertrada of Laon , Her father , Charibert , was the son of Pepin II 's brother , Martin of Laon .
and was described at the time as '' one of the greatest murder trials of all time '' Law and Literature , ed .
At a University of Applied Sciences ( Fachhochschule ) , the diploma degree is described as Diplom ( FH ) and takes mostly four years .
At the 2006 Winter Olympics , Jacobellis won the silver medal in Women 's Snowboard Cross 's Olympics debut .
Lulusar is group of mountains near the Naran Valley in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
After converting to Christianity , he became a bishop ( 249 ) and eventually died a martyr at Carthage .
It is part of the suborder Ensifera and the only family in the superfamily Tettigonioidea .
Samuel Taylor Coleridge ( 21 October 1772 25 July 1834 ) was an English poet , Romantic , literary critic and philosopher who , with his friend William Wordsworth , was one of the founders of the Romantic Movement in England and one of the Lake Poets .
Cara - Severin County has 2 municipalities , 6 towns and 69 communes
This company , known after 1961 as the Deutsche Oper , would remain his artistic home until his retirement from the operatic stage , in 1978 .
He became the youngest Prime Minister in 1783 at the age of 24 ( although the term Prime Minister was not then used ) . He left office in 1801 , but was Prime Minister again from 1804 until his death in 1806 .
Cycling or Hiking or Swimming
The pomelo ( Citrus maxima or Citrus grandis ) is a citrus fruit native to Southeast Asia .
The native range extends across the Canary Islands , North and East Africa , Southern Europe and the Mediterranean , Arabia and India .
Banja Luka Region is one of the seven Regions of Republika Srpska .
Printmaking is the process of making artworks by printing , normally on paper .
Edge relinquished the title due to an injury the week before the pay-per-view , and Khali became the new World Heavyweight Champion , winning a Battle Royal and eliminating Batista .
He became a member of the Swedish heavy metal band Hammerfall in 1997 .
New York Rangers -- 97 points
In politics , representation describes how political power is alienated from most of the members of a group and vested , for a certain time period , in the hands of a small subset of the members .
He had previously served as United States Secretary of the Army under Clinton , from 1993 to 1997 .
Served toasted or as a dessert , the bread is a common delicacy in the United States and Northern Europe .
Daniel then proves through a ruse ( by scattering ashes on the whole perimeter on the temple in the presence of the king after the priests have left ) that the sacred meal of Bel is actually consumed at night by the priests and their wives and children , who entered through a secret door when the temple 's doors were sealed .
Since the day of the protests , Armenians ( and other Soviets as well ) to this day visit the memorial and make protests around the world to gain acceptance of the Armenian Genocide by Turkey .
Loison-sur-Cr équoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Celebration of Sant Jordi ( Saint George ) begins in Catalonia ( he will later become its patron saint ) .
Clairfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
In the second revolution , during October , the Provisional Government was removed and replaced with a Bolshevik ( Communist ) government .
ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 35 knots ( 39 mph\/63 km\/h ) , or tropical storm strength .
Roberts began watching wrestling , after he saw an edition of Saturday Night 's Main Event and met Kerry Von Erich and The Ultimate Warrior at a hotel in Wisconsin .
Zeta ( letter ) , the sixth letter of the Greek alphabet
The Queen 's constitutional roles are mostly delegated to the Governor-General of Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Umbria is a region of central Italy .
In the first phase , the Japanese secured the Pinghan Railway between Beijing and Wuhan ; in the second , they eliminated the US air forces stationed in Hunan province and reached the city of Liuzhou , near the border with Japanese-held Indochina .
Near Pharwala Fort it cuts through a high mountain range , a wonderful natural phenomenon called Swan Cut .
Except for the rolling stock of the Airport Express , all trains are designed with features to cope with high density passenger traffic on frequently used services , for example , seating arrangements , additional ventilation fans and etc./O.
The two main Gaelic games are Gaelic football and Hurling , both of which are organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) .
He named his two sons , Henry , the older one , and Jacques , they later got into fieldwork , excavating with them the Campigny faults near Rouen , which had lent its name to the first phase of the European neolithic .
It became a subsidiary of Time Warner in 1996 and was merged with larger sister studio Warner Bros. in 2008 .
The main difference between professional and non-professional phagocytes is that the professional phagocytes have molecules called receptors on their surfaces that can detect harmful objects , such as bacteria , that are not normally found in the body .
The Uzi has been exported to over 90 countries .
In addition , red Piranha Plants are more aggressive and will emerge from their pipes even if Mario or Luigi are standing directly beside them ( in the original Super Mario Bros. , Piranha Plants stay dormant if Mario is standing in close proximity ) , although they will remain dormant if Mario is standing directly on top of the pipe , as the ones in the original game do .
An ecozone or biogeographic realm is the largest scale biogeographic division of the earth 's surface based on the historic and evolutionary distribution patterns of plants and animals .
When Spanish settlers took control of Cuba , the bay became a vital harbor on the south side of the island .
Today , the city of Ponce is the second largest in Puerto Rico outside of the San Juan metropolitan area .
The term perpetual motion , taken literally , refers to movement that goes on forever .
Immigration from Syria to the United States suffered a long hiatus after the United States Congress passed the Immigration Act of 1924 , which restricted immigration . More than 40 years later , the Immigration Act of 1965 , abolished the quotas and immigration from Syria to the United States saw a surge .
Austria-Hungary , also known as the Dual Monarchy or the k.u.k. Monarchy , was a monarchic union between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary in Central Europe .
It is situated 23 km east of Giessen .
The House of Medici or de ' Medici ( ) was a political dynasty , banking family and later royal house that first began to gather prominence under Cosimo de ' Medici in the Republic of Florence during the late 14th century .
Although its staff of reporters has shrunken considerably in recent years , the Sun still has the largest newsroom in Vancouver .
The question who should invest ( or more to the point , appoint ) whom was the subject of an epic conflict between the Catholic Church ( mainly papacy ) and state ( mainly the Holy Roman Empire ) in the Middle Ages during the so-called Investiture Controversy .
At any time , the camp held between 13,000 and 16,000 inmates ; in 1942 the number reached 20,000 .
The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom and one of the busiest .
Kurt Eisner ( 14 May 1867 - 21 February 1919 ) was a Bavarian politician and journalist .
A proto-language is the common ancestor of the languages that form a language family .
Kate Greenaway ( Catherine Greenaway ) ( 17 March 1846 - 6 November 1901 ) was an English children 's book illustrator and writer .
All Rights Reserved .
It opened in 2000 and is the home of the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League , who were joined for the 2004 season by the Columbus Destroyers of the Arena Football League .
As part of the same deal it was agreed that any reference made to Milton Keynes Dons F.C. should refer only to events subsequent to 7 August 2004 ( the date of the first League game of Milton Keynes Dons F.C. ) .
Satyagraha theory influenced Nelson Mandela 's struggle in South Africa under apartheid , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's campaigns during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other social justice and similar movements .
On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic , which became commonly referred to as ( East Germany ) , was established in the Soviet Occupation Zone .
Later it extended to become a kingdom in Nepal which existed in the Kathmandu Valley from approximately 400 to 750 A.D. -- sometimes identified as the first Nepalese state .
'' Warning '' is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day .
The arranged marriage was enduring and supportive , lasting until Tien 's death in 1996 .
Kennewick is a city in Benton County in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Washington , near the Hanford nuclear site .
NI Planning Service : District Proposal For Newry City Newry was founded in 1144 alongside a Cistercian monastery and is one of Northern Ireland 's oldest towns .
Dan Jardine criticized the songs and the '' Saturday morning cartoon quality '' of the animation , but also says that Hamner '' retains just enough of White 's elegant prose in the dialogue and narration to keep the film from being simply a painfully well-intended experiment .
Under the ring name Test , Martin wrestled for the World Wrestling Federation ( now known as World Wrestling Entertainment ) from 1998 - 2004 , and 2006 - 2007 .
Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom still claims the medieval French title of Duke of Normandy in relation to her ownership of the Channel Islands .
L'Atalante and its neighbors the Urania and Discovery deep hypersaline anoxic basins ( DHABs ) are at most 35,000 years old , and were formed by Messinian evaporite salt deposits dissolving out of the Mediterranean Ridge and collecting in abyssal depressions about deep .
The latter act prompted Arnold to join the chorus of voices in opposition to those taxes , and also led to his entry into the Sons of Liberty , a secret organization that was not afraid to use violence to oppose implementation of those and other unpopular Parliamentary measures .
The comic first appeared on 30 July 1938 , and was published weekly .
Jeannie Longo ( born October 31 , 1958 ) is a French racing cyclist , multiple ( 56 times ) French and world champion .
Tencent QQ , generally referred to as QQ , is the most popular free instant messaging computer program in Mainland China , and the number of simultaneous online QQ accounts exceeded one billion .
The Y-body Oldsmobile Cutlass Jetfire was fitted with a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger and the Chevrolet Corvair Monza Spyder with a TRW turbocharger .
'' Reptar on Ice '' is the tenth episode of the second season of the animated television series Rugrats . It is the first segment of the twenty-third episode for the entire series .
She has appeared on half a dozen daytime dramas since the mid-1970s .
He had been training the Biellmann since learning in New Brunswick at age twelve , and he performed it in exhibition at Nationals in 2002 after winning the junior title .
Its latest release was on June 6 , 2000 on VHS and DVD under the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection title .
McCartney sang and simultaneously played an acoustic guitar accompaniment .
Ef ( , ) is the twenty-second letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
The game is the third title in the Halo franchise and concludes the story arc that began in Halo : Combat Evolved and continued in Halo 2 .
While popular with Irish language enthusiasts and artists and respected by many Republicans , he had a strained relationship with the Coalition Government , particularly with Conor Cruise O'Brien and with Liam Cosgrave .
Also , in 1791 , Mozart 's La Clemenza di Tito was staged in public here for the first time in celebration of the coronation of Emperor Leopold II .
A Christmas cake may be light or dark , crumbly-moist to sticky-wet , spongy to heavy , leavened or unleavened , shaped round , square or oblong as whole cakes , fairy cakes , or petit fours , with marzipan , icing , glazing , dusting with icing sugar , or plain , etc./O.
In her youth Fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer , although she loved listening to jazz recordings by Louis Armstrong , Bing Crosby and The Boswell Sisters .
Chuck is an action-comedy-drama television program from the United States created by Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak .
The archives of the Bastille show that the building largely held common criminals ( forgers , embezzlers , swindlers , etc. ) , as well as people imprisoned for religious reasons ( Huguenots ) and those responsible for printing or writing forbidden pamphlets .
Mendeleev noted a gap in his periodic table and called the element ekamanganese ( Em ) .
Dewal Manal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
All of Minor Threat 's records were released on Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson 's own label , Dischord Records .
A Dictionary of Marxist Thought , T. B. Bottomore , Page 272 states this distinction was made in Marx 's work Capital III
However , the greatest recognition of the bank 's achievements came on October 13 , 2006 , when the Nobel Committee awarded Grameen Bank and its founder , Muhammad Yunus , the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize '' for their efforts to create economic and social development from below . ''
Operating System Firewall , OSFirewall for short , is a feature in ZoneAlarm paid versions only .
The phragmocone is divided into camerae by septa , all of which are pierced in the middle by a duct , the siphuncle .
Neon is the chemical element that has the symbol Ne and an atomic number of 10 .
To even out at 12 members ( because Dayton , VCU , and Virginia Tech were left out of the mergerWITH EYE ON BIG EAST , TECH JOINS ATLANTIC 10 HOKIES REJECT THE COLONIAL , WHICH GRABS VIRGINIA COMMONWEALTH ) the conference invited the University of Houston , but UH could not start C-USA play for a year due to committing to being in the Southwest Conference in its final year .
ISBN 3-89331-298-6 The FDP 's first Chairman , Theodor Heuss , was formerly a member of the DDP and after the war of the Democratic People 's Party ( DVP ) .
The club 's record attendance for a home match is 35,632 , against Rangers in a Scottish Cup quarter-final replay on March 12 , 1952 .
The middle engine ( engine 2 ) at the very rear of the fuselage gets air from an inlet ahead of the vertical fin through an S-shaped duct .
The fourth film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , Dumbo is based upon a child 's book of the same name by Helen Aberson and illustrated by Harold Perl .
The Ace Attorney series , featuring 15 games , began as trilogy of Game Boy Advance titles , called Gyakuten Saiban , released only in Japan from 2001 to 2004 .
June & ndash ; The Second Crusade reaches Jerusalem .
In Atlus ' video game series Megami Tensei , Bishamon is categorized into Kishin clan which includes the protectors of various pantheons .
After World War II , increasing anti-British sentiment spread throughout the Arab World and led to riots in Bahrain .
The Wisconsin River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Melbourne University is the second largest research organization in Australia after the CSIRO .
He sought support from Elizabeth , who finally made him Warden of Christ 's College , Manchester , in 1592 .
It was the sixth named storm , second hurricane , and second Category 5 hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
It is not used for outdoor surfaces or where it will come into repeated contact with water such as around a sink or bathtub .
The Opel Vectra is a large family car that was engineered and produced by Opel , the German subsidiary of General Motors ( GM ) .
The birth of the anti-nuclear movement in California can be traced to controversy over Pacific Gas & Electric 's attempt to build the nation 's first commercially viable nuclear power plant in Bodega Bay .
The Brussels Parliament declares Belgian independence , in revolt against the Dutch government .
Lincoln is a city in Logan County , Illinois , United States .
On August 5 , 1962 , LAPD police sergeant Jack Clemmons received a call at 4:25 a.m. from Dr. Ralph Greenson , Monroe 's psychiatrist , proclaiming that Monroe was found dead at her home in Brentwood , Los Angeles , California .
It is most often referred to by its IATA airport code LAX , with the letters pronounced individually ( el-a-ex ) .
Plante retired in 1965 but was persuaded to return to the National Hockey League to play for the expansion St. Louis Blues in 1968 .
Airline was a fly on the wall television program , produced in the United Kingdom that showcases the daily happenings of passengers , ground workers and on-board staff of Britannia ( Series 1 ) and later EasyJet ( from Series 2 ) .
During this period , the Osiris funerary cult rose to dominate Egyptian popular religion .
For example , the third occurs both as three semitones away from Re , Mi , La , and Ti in the major scale ( or in the C major diatonic scale , three semitones above D , E , A , and B ) , and four semitones away from Do , Fa , and Sol , ( or C , F , and G ) .
It was filmed in 2002 and 13 episodes aired weekly in the United States on CBS from February 13 - May 11 , 2003 .
Bracciale was played also in France , Germany , Austria , England , Netherlands and famous Italian champions organized tournaments in USA , Argentina , Egypt .
Massimo Cellino
While the preparation was beginning , EMI Latin included the track '' La Carcacha '' , since the song had heavy airplay around that time , on the CD .
Bonham Carter has signed on to play the renowned author Enid Blyton in the upcoming BBC Four television biopic , Enid Blyton .
Orange-shaded team clinched the other conference .
Simba comes down and is greeted by his mother and Nala .
Monroe Regional Airport is a public use airport in Ouachita Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The Eastern Long-beaked Echidna ( Zaglossus bartoni ) , also known as Barton 's Long-beaked Echidna , is one of three species from the genus Zaglossus to occur in New Guinea .
Also on the CD are the live songs '' Breathe No More '' ( from the Elektra movie soundtrack ) , '' Farther Away '' , and the band 's cover of Korn 's '' Thoughtless '' .
For centuries , the islands came under the control of successive indigenous empires before being ceded to the Portuguese and subsequently to the British East India Company .
Ymir or Saturn XIX is a retrograde irregular moon of Saturn .
Anti-tobacco sentiment and criticism of smoking existed in Germany in the early 1910s .
Kappa is a village in Woodford County , Illinois , United States .
Two distinct Temples stood in succession on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem : Solomon 's Temple was built in the 10th century BCE to replace the Tabernacle , and has been dated astronomically to 957 BCEErwin Reidinger : '' The Temple Mount Platform in Jerusalem from Solomon to Herod : An Archaeological Re-Examination .
The highest recorded speed of a Maglev train is , achieved in Japan in 2003 , faster than the conventional TGV speed record .
It was based in England for many years , but is now owned by Universal Music Group and is operated in the United States through The Island Def Jam Music Group and in the UK through Island Records Group ( or simply Island Records or Universal Island ) .
In 1020 , Roskilde became a bishopric , making it the church 's most important town in Denmark .
After being sentenced Baader fled in November 1969 , but was caught in April 1970 .
It is the seventh letter of the Bulgarian alphabet , the eighth letter in the Belarusian , Macedonian , Russian and Serbian alphabets , and the ninth in the Ukrainian alphabet .
US$ 5.5 billion (/O2007/O)
Don Hoefler profile from NetValley.com Valley refers to the Santa Clara Valley , located at the southern end of San Francisco Bay , while Silicon refers to the high concentration of companies involved in the semiconductor and computer industries that were concentrated in the area .
On 1 November 1956 , the states of India were reorganized on linguistic grounds . The territories of the State of Hyderabad were divided between newly created Andhra Pradesh , Bombay state ( later Maharashtra ) , and Karnataka .
They have three daughters : Alexandra ( born November 27 , 1996 ) , Elizabeth ( born August 6 , 2002 ) , and Isabella ( born July 22 , 2005 ) , all with the middle name Louise .
Alan White ( born 14 June 1949 ) is an English rock drummer known for his work with the progressive rock band Yes .
Any such alteration must be noted in the caption .
Postcodes have been adopted for a wide range of purposes in addition to aiding the automating sorting of the mail ; and are used to calculate insurance premiums , designate destinations in route planning software and are used as the lowest level of aggregation in census enumeration .
countryofbirth = Republic of Korea
The largest and highest plateau in the world is the Tibetan Plateau , called the '' roof of the world '' , which is still being formed by the collisions of the Indo-Australian and Eurasian tectonic plates . In all the Tibetan plateau covers an area of some 2.5 million square kilometres which is approximately 5000 m above sea level .
At the age of 18 , Christian ascended the throne on 17 August 1596 .
The Talmud has two components : the Mishnah ( c. 200 CE ) , the first written compendium of Judaism 's Oral Law ; and the Gemara ( c. 500 CE ) , a discussion of the Mishnah and related Tannaitic writings that often ventures onto other subjects and expounds broadly on the Tanakh .
A style that has been particularly associated with Teotihuacan is known as talud-tablero , in which an inwards-sloping external side of a structure ( talud ) is surmounted by a rectangular panel ( tablero ) .
Naltrexone is an opioid receptor antagonist used primarily in the management of alcohol dependence and opioid dependence .
See Deaths in October 2009 .
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Despite its name , based on a Berber expression meaning '' place of the winds '' , the city was selected as the capital city for its moderate climate and central location within the country .
At the end of the English Civil War Lady Eleanor Drake was joined at her Devon home , Ashe House in the parish of Musbury , by her third daughter Elizabeth , and Elizabeth 's husband , Winston Churchill .
The matches were of 60 overs per team and played in traditional white uniform and red balls .
The Prime Minister has a discretion to advise the Governor-General to call an election for the House of Representatives at any time , but Senate elections can only be held within certain periods prescribed in the Constitution .
Beaten eggs are put into a hot greased pan and stirred frequently , forming curds as they coagulate .
Jura-Sternwarte Grenchen is located at Grenchen .
Buellas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Clarence Leonidas Fender ( August 10 , 1909 - March 21 , 1991 ) , also known as Leo Fender , was a Greek-American inventor who founded Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company , now known as Fender Musical Instruments Corporation , and later founded MusicMan and G&L Musical Products ( G&L Guitars ) .
Among the many airports and air facilities that bear his name , the airport in Little Falls , Minnesota , where he grew up , has been named Little Falls/Morrison County-Lindbergh Field .
He was the first British Prime Minister of the 20th century and the last Prime Minister to head his full administration from the House of Lords .
Garage Inc. is a cover album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
Oxford : Blackwell Science .
In the 1960s , Dino De Laurentiis built his own studio facilities , although these financially collapsed during the 1970s .
Small and middle-sized businesses are important for the cantonal economy .
Rolling Stone Brackett , Nathan .
FC Girondins de Bordeaux is a French football team , playing in the city of Bordeaux .
Genetic algorithms belong to the larger class of evolutionary algorithms ( EA ) , which generate solutions to optimization problems using techniques inspired by natural evolution , such as inheritance , mutation , selection , and crossover .
His/her messengers and symbolic animal are foxes .
Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart Super Circuit have two beach courses .
From time to time , individuals may be admitted to the Order by special statutes .
Jayavarman VIII of the Khmer Empire in Cambodia abdicates ; Srindravarman succeeds him .
They were built close to the forest , from limestone or from more primitive holes in the ground .
Examples include William Ewart Gladstone , David Lloyd George , Neville Chamberlain , Winston Churchill , Margaret Thatcher , and Tony Blair .
The idea comes from Edward T. Hall .
Nancy was the First Lady of California when her husband was Governor from 1967 to 1975 .
The King 's Royal Hussars still wear crimson trousers as successors to the 11th Hussars ( the '' Cherrypickers '' ) .
Saint-Léonard is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There can be some overlap , however .
Cell division is a process by which a cell , called the parent cell , divides into two or more cells , called daughter cells .
God later commanded Moses to inscribe two other tablets , to replace the ones Moses smashed , so Moses went to the mountain again , for another period of 40 days and nights , and when he returned , the commandments were finally given .
This version of the book was published in 1813 .
Puerto Plata ( , Silver Port ) is one of the northern provinces of the Dominican Republic .
Like all glass and some other types of naturally occurring rocks , obsidian breaks with a characteristic conchoidal fracture .
Renwick is a city in Humboldt County , Iowa , in the United States .
Carmit Bachar ( ; born September 4 , 1974 ) is an American singer , dancer , model and actress .
The first FIFA World Cup to be played on grass pitches that are partly made up of artificial grass was the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa - the system was installed in the Mbombela Stadium and the Peter Mokaba Stadium .
It is the capital of the province of Toledo and of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha .
This event marked the beginning of the successful , 250-year co-operation between the Staatsoper and the Staatskapelle Berlin , the state orchestra , whose roots trace back to the 16th century .
Hope appeared in so many theaters of war over the decades that it was often cracked ( in Bob Hope style ) that '' Where there 's death , there 's Hope '' .
A blood feud is a feud with a cycle of retaliatory violence , with the relatives of someone who has been killed or otherwise wronged or dishonored seeking vengeance by killing or otherwise physically punishing the culprits or their relatives .
The combination of industry and cultures , jazz , blues , and rock and roll led to an outpouring of musical creativity in the 20th century , including new music genres such as the Motown Sound and techno from Detroit and house music from Chicago .
Anonymous works are works , such as art or literature , that have an anonymous , undisclosed , or unknown creator or author .
Leavened or fermented dough , made from dry ground grain cereals or legumes mixed with water and yeast are in use all over the world .
Many Malaysian children attend Tamil schools , and a significant portion of Tamil children in Mauritius and Reunion are brought up with Tamil as their first language . In Singapore , Tamil students learn Tamil as their second language in school , with English as the first .
Fey played an extra in one of the episodes in 1998 , and after watching herself , decided to diet and lost 30 pounds .
It is found across mainland Australia , avoiding only the more fertile areas in the south , the east coast , and the northern rainforests .
It is a large scoria volcano with two craters , which last erupted about one million years ago .
Its name comes from the sand particles from Gobi Desert sand storm that turn the surface of the water golden yellow during sunset and can be seen while sailing or flying west .
The punter generally propels the punt by pushing against the river bed with a pole .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia ( present-day znik in Turkey ) by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
Manvieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Trussville is a city in Jefferson and St. Clair counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
He was the only instrumentalist that Benjamin Britten invited to perform at every Aldeburgh Festival in Britten 's lifetime .
Shakespeare died on 23 April 1616 .
Fought on 22 August 1485 , the battle was won by the Lancastrians . Their leader Henry Tudor , Earl of Richmond , became the first English monarch of the Tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a Yorkist princess .
More than 90 % of the population lives in the southern part of the country , especially in Bamako , which has over 1 million residents .
Catherine Astrid Salome Freeman , OAM ( known as Cathy Freeman ) ( born 16 February 1973 ) is an Australian sprinter who is particularly associated with the 400 metres race .
Heatherwick is a Senior Fellow and external examiner at the Royal College of Art , a fellow of the Royal Academy and was recently chosen to become a Royal Designer for Industry .
More than 19,460 wind turbines are located in the German federal area and the country has plans to build more wind turbines .
The package includes a range of supplementary content including maps , videos , sound clips , animations and web links .
It was also the first time the Stanley Cup was not awarded since 1919 when a Spanish flu pandemic cancelled the championship .
The Journal of American Folklore 89 .
Since May 1997 , the Official Opposition has been the Conservative Party .
There are 152 county parks , city parks , public swimming and public tennis facilities in Wake County .
Internal energy does not include the energy due to motion of a system as a whole .
Steinbeck achieved his first critical success with the novel Tortilla Flat ( 1935 ) , which won the California Commonwealth Club 's Gold Medal .
Ramesses II ( '' the Great '' ) sought to recover territories in the Levant that had been held by the 18th Dynasty .
A constituent country is a country that is part of a larger entity , such as a sovereign state or supranational body .
Law applied When deciding cases , the Court applies international law as summarised in Article 38 of the ICJ Statute provides that in arriving at its decisions the Court shall apply international conventions , international custom , and the '' general principles of law recognized by civilized nations '' .
Bohr was born in Copenhagen , Denmark , in 1885 .
Every day , hundreds of thousands of visitors from around the world collectively make tens of thousands of edits and create thousands of new articles to augment the knowledge held by the Wikipedia encyclopedia .
Advances such as writing , epigraphy , and the calendar did not originate with the Maya ; however , their civilization fully developed them .
While cleaning the floors , they stumbled across a Fleemco comic book .
Founded by anti-slavery expansion activists in 1854 , it is often called the Grand Old Party or the GOP , despite being the younger of the two major parties .
He is best remembered for his time at Liverpool .
The visible spectrum is the portion of the electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to ( can be detected by ) the human eye .
For the British charity television appeal Comic Relief , the four recorded a song and video for Cliff Richard 's '' Living Doll '' , accompanied by Richard and Shadows guitarist Hank B. Marvin .
Jute fiber is often called hessian ; jute fabrics are also called hessian cloth and jute sacks are called gunny bags in some European countries .
Italian opera seria ( invariably to Italian librettos ) was produced not only in Italy but also in Habsburg Austria , England , Saxony and other German states , even in Spain , and other countries . Opera seria was less popular in France , where the national genre of French opera was preferred .
, meaning '' Way of the Warrior '' , is a name in common usage since the late 19th century which is used to describe a uniquely Japanese code of conduct adhered to by samurai since time immemorial , and loosely analogous to Western concepts of chivalry .
He studied at the University of Edinburgh before becoming a Member of Parliament for Edinburgh Central in 1974 .
Voyager 2 was launched on August 20 , 1977 , from Cape Canaveral , Florida , aboard a Titan IIIE/Centaur carrier rocket .
Buncombe County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
It was developed by Bjarne Stroustrup starting in 1979 at Bell Labs as an enhancement to the C programming language and originally named '' C with Classes '' .
It was first published in March 1830 by Joseph Smith , Jr. as The Book of Mormon : An Account Written by the Hand of Mormon upon Plates Taken from the Plates of Nephi .
-- ) For example , if a document refers to the contents of a previous but undiscovered letter , that document may be considered '' primary '' , since it is the closest known thing to an original source , but if the letter is later found , it may then be considered '' secondary '' .
Surviving the Golden Age : Interview : Craig Minowa of Cloud Cult History Cloud Cult developed in 1995 as Craig Minowa recruited several other artists to contribute to his solo recordings .
The fourth single is '' Northern Downpour . ''
From 1569 , it was a capital of the Minsk Voivodship in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Population The population of the town is now over 21,000 List of Union Councils District & Tehsil Abbottabad .
A census-designated place ( CDP ) is a type of place ( a concentration of population ) identified by the United States Census Bureau for statistical purposes .
A Broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses , e.g. magical and punitive .
may 25 is Towel Day , in tribute to Douglas Adams , author of The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
The 787-10 would supersede the 777-200ER in Boeing 's current catalog and could also compete against the Airbus A330-300 and A340-300 .
The largest and most well-known example of a WAN is the Internet .
Small businesses and primary producers in 13 local government areas became eligible for grants of up to A$ 25,000 to pay for costs from damage incurred as a result of the floods .
Catherine Parr ( c. 1512Karen Lindsey , xvii , Divorced , Beheaded , Survived , Perseus Books , 1995 \/O/ 11 November 1512 -- 5 September 1548 ) was the last of the six wives of Henry VIII of England .
Machinist square , a metalworking tool used to produce right angles
The 1934 -- 35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The show features Edwards and his co-hosts Bill Rolen , Winston Smith , Keith Alexander , and Eddie Miller , as well as producer Art Frith . Former staffers include Geoff Melton , Jess Bonds and co-founder Austin Farley .
The diameter of the moon is seven kilometres .
The viola d'amore usually has six or seven playing strings , which are sounded by drawing a bow across them , just as with a violin .
Some of Pepper 's most famous albums from the 1950s are Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section , Art Pepper + Eleven - Modern Jazz Classics , Gettin ' Together , and Smack Up .
A hull is the watertight body of a ship or boat .
The site receives approximately 2,000 story submissions per day and approximately 50 of them are publicly displayed on the site .
Georgia Totto O'Keeffe ( November 15 , 1887 & ndash ; March 6 , 1986 ) was an American artist .
The Paleozoic spanned from roughly ( ICS , 2004 ) , and is subdivided into six geologic periods ; from oldest to youngest they are : the Cambrian , Ordovician , Silurian , Devonian , Carboniferous , and Permian .
Although he caught the puck with his glove , he did so without gloves resembling the modern blocker and trapper glove combination .
Most notable of the series directors was Mamoru Oshii , who made Beautiful Dreamer , the second Urusei Yatsura movie .
In 1764 , he left the job in Halle , remaining unemployed and living a live of poverty until his death .
Each level is a minigame which requires the player to perform certain actions in sync with the rhythm to create a beat to go along with the background music .
In modern times , Selene is the root of selenology , the study of the geology of the Moon , and the chemical element selenium .
Online Essay on Odilon Redon Redon started drawing as a child , and at the age of ten he was awarded a drawing prize at school .
The type of diabetes a patient has is determined only by the cause- fundamentally by whether the patient is insulin resistant ( type 2 ) or insulin deficient without insulin resistance ( type 1 ) .
On May 9 , 1970 , President Richard Nixon had a middle-of-the-night impromptu , brief meeting with protesters preparing to march against the Vietnam War just days after the Kent State shootings .
It was created in 2006 by Pierre Chappaz , the engineer who created Kelkoo , which was sold , shortly afterwards , to Yahoo!
Other species , Papaver rhoeas and Papaver argemone , are important agricultural weeds , and may be mistaken for the crop .
During the next 12 years Finland , Australia , and New Zealand also joined the organization .
Paul Michael Levesque ( born July 27 , 1969 ) is an American professional wrestler , actor and WWE executive , better known by his ring name Triple H , an abbreviation of his former ring name , Hunter Hearst Helmsley .
December 13 & ndash ; The Order of the Dragon is founded under King Sigismund of Hungary .
was an American psychologist who founded Harvard 's Psycho-Acoustic Laboratory and is credited with the introduction of Stevens ' power law .
Many of the areas are rich in biodiversity and scenic beauty , a fact that is appreciated by native West Virginians , who refer to their home as Almost Heaven ( from the song , '' Take Me Home , Country Roads '' ) even though John Denver 's geography barely resembles West Virginia .
Many people wear wristbands when they exercise or play sports to sweat .
She emigrated from the UK to the US and created her own network television series , The Tracey Ullman Show , from 1987 until 1990 , from which The Simpsons was spun off in 1989 .
May 7 & ndash ; The reign of Peter the Great officially begins .
Earthfall ( 1995 ) is the fourth book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card .
These installations were not adequate to impose Edward 's rule and by 1338\/9 Edward had moved from a policy of conquest to one of containment .
Gravity assistance can be used to accelerate , decelerate and\/or re-direct the path of a spacecraft .
Tellervini are restricted to Australia and the Oriental region .
The Priory of St Mary 's is founded in Bushmead .
Also known as Tsukiyomi , Tsuki no Kami , Tsukiyomino Mikoto , and Tsukiyumi no Mikoto , he is the god of the moon .
Breadalbane is a very historic town and it is located on the Old Hume Highway together with Cullerin and Gunning .
Tossiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Flipper , is an American television series , also known as The New Adventures of Flipper .
Year 24 ( XXIV ) was a leap year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Rodrigo Ferrante Taddei ( born 6 March 1980 ) is a Brazilian footballer , who currently plays for Roma .
It also has one of the highest concentrations of brown bears , feeding on the salmon , as well as berries and other vegetation .
King Mangrai of the Lanna Kingdom ( present day Northern Thailand , Shan State and Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture ) founds the city of Chiang Rai as the kingdom 's capital .
\* # Latin + non-Latin ( ? ! ( User Wikipedia ) ( talk ) ?
A short poem traditionally no longer attributed to Hesiod is The Shield of Heracles ( \/O/ Aspis H rakleous ) .
Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health , 37 ( 3 ) , 110-8 .
Rainsville was incorporated in October 1956 .
Modern anti-Armenianism often seems to lack a racial and cultural basis and appears to be based more on geopolitics and history , in addition to diplomatic and strategic interests , involving the modern states of Turkey and Azerbaijan , although these prejudices usually extend to the widespread Armenian Diaspora .
The rule of the Abbasids extended eastwards across Afghanistan into the South Asian subcontinent , covering the eastern part of modern-day Pakistan .
Nancy Sandra Sinatra ( born June 8 , 1940 , in Jersey City , New Jersey ) is an American singer and actress .
At least one elevator shaft carried burning fuel downward , exploding on the 77th floor , the 22nd floor , and at street level on the West Side Lobby .
Between 1326 and 1696 the municipality of Bredevoort repeatedly changed ownership .
Prior to establishing the nation 's capital in Washington , D.C. , the United States Congress and its predecessors had met in Philadelphia , New York City , and a number of other locations .
The Brazil national football team is the national team of Brazil and is managed by the Brazilian Football Confederation ( CBF ) that represents Brazil in international football competitions .
She saw a possibility in 20th Century Fox 's upcoming film , The Egyptian , but was rebuffed by Darryl F. Zanuck who refused to screen test her .
Other authors claim that pure hydrochloric acid was first discovered by the German benedictine monk Basil Valentine in the 15th century , by heating common salt and green vitriol , whereas others claim that there is no clear reference to the preparation of pure hydrochloric acid until the end of the sixteenth century .
Teresina was the first Brazilian city to be planned .
The last representative of the line , Idris II , '' El Wathiq '' ' was reduced to the possession of Marrakech , where he was murdered by a slave in 1269 .
Returns , in economics and political economy , are the distributions or payments awarded to the various suppliers of the factors of production .
Lex Davison and Michael Schumacher are the most successful drivers in the 82 year history of the event each taking four victories each while Ferrari and McLaren have been the most successful constructors with ten victories each , their success stretching well back into the pre-Formula One history of the race .
He has also worked as a senior researcher at the Van Leer Jerusalem Institute .
Rama I , after he moved the capital from Thonburi to Bangkok , got the temple consecrated in 1784 .
jpg Wine jar , Western Zhou Dynasty ( 1050 BC-771 BC )
It was formed in Cairo on March 22 , 1945 with six members : Egypt , Iraq , Transjordan ( renamed Jordan after 1946 ) , Lebanon , Saudi Arabia , and Syria .
The town has been the scene of several leftist and progressive movements in the past .
Maast-et-Violaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home is a 1986 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures .
Lynn Nolan Ryan , Jr. ( born on January 31 , 1947 ) , nicknamed '' The Ryan Express '' , is a former Major League Baseball pitcher .
Matches are usually sold in quantity , packaged in match boxes or matchbooks .
For the very similar Greek letter , see , - Phi ( Greek ) or , a Voiceless bilabial fricative .
Cold War Kids are an American indie rock band from Long Beach , California .
In the view of Dio Cassius , a contemporary observer , his accession marked the descent '' from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron '' - a famous comment which has led some historians , notably Edward Gibbon , to take Commodus 's reign as the beginning of the decline of the Roman Empire .
Using his handcrafted microscopes he was the first to observe and describe single celled organisms , which he originally referred to as animalcules , and which we now refer to as microorganisms .
In bicycling , a race with stages is known as a stage race .
John Bunyan ( 28 November 1628 31 August 1688 ) was an English Christian writer and preacher , famous for writing The Pilgrim 's Progress .
A hazard does not exist when it is happening .
Geir Bratland -- Keyboard , backing vocals 1995 - 2009
He attended public schools there until his second year in high school , when he transferred to Lake Forest Academy , a small prep school .
It is adjacent to Blackfriars Bridge at the junction of New Bridge Street and Queen Victoria Street and is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
Formerly a headquarters for whaling fleets , the coastal towns of Vestfold now engage in fishing and shipbuilding .
It is served by Burley Park railway station and regular bus routes along Kirkstall Road , Cardigan Road and Burley Road .
Warren Hastings PC ( 6 December 1732 -- 22 August 1818 ) was the first Governor-General of India , from 1773 to 1785 .
, and most recently , in a 2008 film adaptation starring Steve Carell , Anne Hathaway , Dwayne Johnson and Alan Arkin , which also spawned a spin-off film , Get Smart 's Bruce and Lloyd : Out of Control .
After the deaths of Senna and Roland Ratzenberger in Imola in 1994 , the Estoril track was changed , with a new chicane built in place of the tank curve , as a security measure .
To judge from these , his elegiac and iambic poetry criticized and satirized a wide range of ideas , including Homer and Hesiod , the belief in the pantheon of anthropomorphic gods and the Greeks ' veneration of athleticism .
The 1967 Stock is the deep-level tube stock currently in operation on the Victoria line .
In human sexual behavior , foreplay is a set of intimate psychological and physical acts between two or more people meant to create desire for sexual activity and sexual arousal .
Mesbrecourt-Richecourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In early days of 1985 , the Brahui as a '' subject '' was taught in Pakistan Study .
After The Fame was released , she revealed that the song '' Poker Face '' was about her bisexuality .
From 1919 1991 , Minsk was the capital of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Voyenne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Waterford Steam Electric Station , Unit 3 , also known as Waterford 3 , is a nuclear power plant located on a 3,000-acre ( 12-km ) plot in Killona , Louisiana , in St. Charles Parish .
Bartholomew Roberts ' articles One of the best known sets of pirate articles was set down by the famous Welsh pirate Bartholomew Roberts in 1720 .
It is almost never a good idea to use other style changes , such as font family or color .
The Bushwackers Band , often simply The Bushwackers , is an Australian folk and country music band or Bush band founded at La Trobe University in Melbourne in 1971 .
February 7 & ndash ; Robert , Count of Clermont , French founder of the House of Bourbon ( b. 1256 )
The People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) ( ) also called the National Liberation Alliance - or the Yellow Shirts - - was originally a coalition of protesters against Thaksin Shinawatra , the former Prime Minister of Thailand .
A bulbourethral gland , also called a Cowper 's gland for anatomist William Cowper , is one of two small exocrine glands present in the reproductive system of human males .
Shire names in Britain and Ireland '' Shire '' can also be used in a narrower sense , referring only to ancient counties ending in '' shire '' .
All observed GRBs have originated from outside the Milky Way galaxy , although a related class of phenomena , soft gamma repeater flares , are associated with magnetars within the Milky Way .
Kohat is a district of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , Kohat city is the capital of the district .
The date is supposed to mark the victory of king Vikramaditya over the Sakas , who had invaded Ujjain .
Usually the matter will be the remains of recently living organisms , and may also include still-living organisms .
Burlington Airpark , , is a small , privately-operated general aviation airport in rural Milton , Ontario west of Toronto .
It was thought that the spread of thyme throughout Europe was thanks to the Romans , as they used it to purify their rooms and to '' give an aromatic flavour to cheese and liqueurs '' .
In addition to his native Latvian he is fluent in English , German , French , and Russian , and has basic knowledge of Estonian .
Tim Hortons ' other international expansions include a small outlet at the Dublin Zoo .
The Second War ( 1332 -- 1357 ) began with the English-supported invasion of Edward Baliol and the '' Disinherited '' in 1332 , and ended in 1357 with the signing of the Treaty of Berwick .
A bald eagle , the national bird of the United States represents the protection of America .
Events By Topic Religion The Monophysites again reject the Council of Chalcedon , causing another schism .
Electricity ( from the New Latin lectricus , '' amber-like '' ) is a general term that encompasses a variety of phenomena resulting from the presence and flow of electric charge .
Wayne Douglas Gretzky , CC ( born January 26 , 1961 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
After separation , the radioactive S35 tracer was observed in the protein shells , but not in the infected bacteria , supporting the hypothesis that the genetic material which infects the bacteria was DNA and not protein .
As indicated by its initial name , the UMP generally supported the policies of President Jacques Chirac .
John II , Count of Hainaut recovers the counties .
Brumby went on to state that it was expected to be the '' worst day [ of fire conditions ] in the history of the state '' .
Pilate asks confirmation from the centurion whether Jesus is dead .
Sedatives can be abused to produce an overly-calming effect ( alcohol being the classic and most common sedating drug ) .
Russia shares borders with the following countries ( from northwest to southeast ) : Norway , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland ( both via Kaliningrad Oblast ) , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , the People 's Republic of China , Mongolia , and North Korea .
Caldwell County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
