In anatomy , a ganglion ( ; plural ganglia ) is a biological tissue mass , most commonly a mass of nerve cell bodies .
It is directed by Gary Winick and produced by Paramount Pictures , Walden Media , The K Entertainment Company , and Nickelodeon Movies .
Pierre Curie ( 1859 -- 1906 ) , French physicist and Nobel Prize winner , Marie 's husband
Ariel is named after the leading sylph in Pope 's poem The Rape of the Lock .
Methyl iodide , also called iodomethane , and commonly abbreviated '' MeI '' , is the chemical compound with the formula CH3I .
Most commonly , especially on the East coast of the United States , the toppings consist only of mozzarella and ricotta cheese drizzled with olive oil and spices like fresh basil and garlic .
Coincidentally , orange and blue are also New York City 's official colors .
Nation by Nation population estimate It is the largest of the Leeward Islands , and the most developed and prosperous due to its upscale tourism industry , offshore banking , internet gambling services and education services , including two medical schools .
Ressons-le-Long is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
For example , subscript letters on the baseline are quite rare , and many typefaces only provide a limited number of superscripted letters .
One was that the Way was not a predetermined principle of the universe , but rather an establishment of men , of the ancient sages who described it in the Confucianist classic works .
New episodes were added from 1959 to 1964 , at which time Dallas McKennon became the voice of Gumby .
There were no deaths or damage .
When preserved by being gutted and salted in brine , matured , then packed in oil or salt , they acquire a characteristic strong flavour .
Isabella was born at 24 Milk Street , Cheapside , London , England .
He states that Globalization 1 involved the globalization of countries , Globalization 2 involved the globalization of companies and Globalization 3 involves the globalization of individuals .
A remix of the song was recorded with pop singer Rihanna , and was released as the fourth single from the album instead of the original version .
However , by the end of the 19th century , economic differences gradually began to even out as economic growth in the eastern parts of the Empire consistently surpassed that in the western .
Beuvillers is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
During this time Thomas began to renovate the castle for Catherine 's use , but only one room that he had built remains today .
In computer science , speculative execution is the execution of code , the result of which may not be needed .
This was the first release version to be called Pidgin , and contained a completely new graphics design .
The Red Kangaroo ( Macropus rufus ) is the largest of all kangaroos , the largest mammal native to Australia , and the largest surviving marsupial .
Christiaan Karel Appel ( 25 April 1921 -- 3 May 2006 ) was a Dutch painter , sculptor , and poet .
Twelve teams each played 74 games .
In July 2004 , Google acquired Picasa and began offering it as a free download .
Despite receiving numerous offers to act in other films , she declined , stating that she wanted to concentrate on finishing school .
But as archaeological sites dating to that time period are rare in Africa , palaeonthologist Curtis Marean analysed information about the geologic formations , the sea currents , climate data and much more in order to pinpoint his research to destinations where it is most likely early modern man lived .
The game is divided into an overworld , which Link traverses using the Spirit Tracks , and towns and dungeons which he travels by foot .
You do have more latitude in user space than elsewhere , but do n't be inconsiderate .
The Montreal Maroons were the Stanley Cup winners as they swept the Toronto Maple Leafs in three games in the final series .
A neurotoxin is a toxin that acts specifically on nerve cells ( neurons ) , usually by interacting with membrane proteins such as ion channels .
Pakistan is an important member of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) , a major non-NATO ally of the war against terrorism , and has a highly discipled world seventh-largest standing military force .
Called upon to identify communists he was acquainted with , Miller refused and was charged with contempt of Congress .
During World War I , he served in the German Army , finally as a First Lieutenant , and was awarded the Iron Cross .
Nitrogen fixation is the process by which nitrogen is taken from its relatively inert molecular form ( N2 ) in the atmosphere and converted into nitrogen compounds ( such as ammonia , nitrate and nitrogen dioxide ) .
See Citing sources # Citation templates and tools for a list of tools which can help create a reference in the ` citation ' format .
Mo ovce is one of the largest villages in the historical region of Turiec , currently in the Tur ianske Teplice District in the ilina Region of northern Slovakia .
The airport is a regional hub of AirAsia , a regional low-cost no-frills airline .
Junction 6 in Birmingham is widely known as Spaghetti Junction because of its complexity .
As it liquefies slightly above room temperature , it will melt in the hand .
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum located on the shore of Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States . It is dedicated to archiving the history of some of the best-known and most influential artists , producers , engineers and others who have , in some major way , influenced the music industry through the genre of rock music .
Thirty minutes prior to race time , the cars take to the track for any number of warm-up laps , after which the cars are assembled on the starting grid in the order they qualified .
It is the first series in the Beverly Hills , 90210 franchise .
The Vulcan B. 2s were adapted into several other variants , the B. 2A carrying the Blue Steel missile , the B. 2 ( MRR ) for Marine Radar Reconnaissance use , and the K. 2 tanker for air-to-air refuelling .
Winners are selected by a jury of judges in the week leading up to the ceremony .
Dunes occur in different forms and sizes , formed by interaction with the wind .
The British Museum lost no time in publishing it : acquired in the summer of 1934 , it was in print in 1935 .
Smith , known as the Father of English Geology , created the first geologic map of England , and first recognized the significance of strata or rock layering , and the importance of fossil markers for correlating strata .
Leader , 2006 , p. 1 He is the father of the English novelist Martin Amis .
The following week , DiBiase and Rhodes used their rematch clause to regain the title .
She became one of the most famous singers of the late Victorian Era and the early 20th century due to the purity of her lyrical voice and the brilliance of her technique .
Most common bony fish ( teleosts ) , including most fish kept in aquaria or caught for food , are neither electrogenic nor electroreceptive .
Linguine ( also spelled ` Linguini ' ) is a form of pasta -- flat like fettuccine and trenette , but narrow like spaghetti .
The university includes the renowned Cavendish Laboratory , King 's College Chapel , and the Cambridge University Library .
Brian Jacques ' Biography , Redwall Abbey .
In 1962 , after Franklin 's death , Watson , Crick , and Wilkins jointly received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
On 20 June 1685 the Duke of Monmouth crowned himself king of England at Taunton during the Monmouth Rebellion and in the autumn of that year Judge Jeffreys was based in the town during the Bloody Assizes that followed the Battle of Sedgemoor .
The power of the explosion was such that the 7 f deep concrete walls ( replicating how archives suggest the walls of the old House of Lords were constructed ) were reduced to rubble .
'' Soldier '' produced by Knowles and Harrison and released as the album 's second single in fall 2004 .
On the morning after the murders , he was suspected of having a role in the murder , but was subsequently released .
Meowth , known as in original Japanese language versions , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak 's Pokémon franchise .
NASA issued an information sheet to address some of the conspiracy theories in June 1977 .
Mary Stuart ( 8 December 1542 -- 8 February 1587 ) was Queen regnant of Scotland from 14 December 1542 to 24 July 1567 .
By July 2008 , they were ready to tour and they went out on their first tour co-headlining with Breathe Carolina across the West coast .
After the connection is established to the remote modem , the modem automatically goes into data mode , and the user can send and receive data .
The name of the leading province , Holland , was now taken for the whole country .
Triumphal Entry of Jesus into Jerusalem -- Sunday , March 27 ( Palm Sunday )
Significantly , this power source would later be applied to prime movers , mobile devices such as steam tractors and railway locomotives .
Today it is mainly divided between the sovereign land of People 's Republic of Bangladesh ( previously East Bengal \/O/ East Pakistan ) and the Indian state of West Bengal , although some regions of the previous kingdoms of Bengal ( during local monarchical regimes and British rule ) are now part of the neighboring Indian states of Bihar , Assam and Orissa .
By 1910 , 177,687 people lived in Ottakring .
Dan Cairns of The Times gave the album 4 out of 5 stars , stating that '' these endearingly stroppy , gobby , messy girls breeze and brawl through unimpeachable , sugar-rush pop singles such as Something Kinda Ooooh , The Show and Sound of the Underground '' .
Package testing
It is located on the right bank of Indus River , approximately 18 kilometres north-west of the city of Hyderabad and 150 kilometres north-east from the provincial capital Karachi .
As a Christmas '' gift '' to her fans , at the stroke of midnight on New Year 's Day 2011 , she announced that the forthcoming album and its first single would be released on May 23 , 2011 and February 13 , 2011 respectively .
A formula for soap consisting of water , alkali and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC .
A druid was priest of the religion of the ancient Celts .
Kippen is a small village approximately 10 m west of the city of Stirling , Scotland .
In general , if only a purely directional input with no precise intensity information is required , an analog joystick can be '' self calibrated '' just by leaving the joystick in the middle position and taking a measurement , and then using some arbitrary or adaptive threshold to detect movement and excursion from the middle position .
Also present during the ceremony were Lieutenant General JFR Jacob , Chief of Staff of the Eastern Command and architect of the plan for the capture of Bangladesh , and , the commanders of Indian Naval and Air Forces in the Eastern Theatre .
Successive invasions of Germanic tribes finalize the decline of the Western Empire in the 5th century , while the Eastern Empire persists throughout the Middle Ages as the Byzantine Empire .
He worked at a variety of jobs , including timber merchant , reporter and printer .
A boy is a young male human .
He took office on December 18 , 2006 .
Camouflage is a method of avoiding detection by mimicking the surrounding environment , and it may refer to :
Hiroshima is the title of a magazine article written by Pulitzer winner John Hersey that appeared in The New Yorker in August 1946 , one year after the United States dropped an atomic bomb on the city of Hiroshima , Japan , at 8:15 a.m. , August 6 , 1945 .
It was the first time Universal had borrowed money for a production in its 26-year history .
Maglavit is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 5,900 people .
It is used in astronomical telescopes and laser communication systems to remove the effects of atmospheric distortion , and in retinal imaging systems to reduce the impact of ocular aberrations .
Some subsequent commentators speculated that Apep must have been an earlier creator , and chief god , thus explaining why he had so much enmity towards Ra , but evidence for such a conclusion is slight .
Shueyville is a city in Johnson County , Iowa , United States .
The problem was that Russia was also allied with France , and the Germans thought the French might attack them to help Russia .
Both presenters had left explicit messages on Sachs ' telephone answering machine stating that Russell Brand had had sex with his granddaughter , Georgina Baillie ( a member of Burlesque dance group Satanic Sluts Extreme ) .
In April 2008 as part of the United States presidential election , candidates Barack Obama , John McCain and Hillary Rodham Clinton presented special messages on the show .
Happy Slapping is known to have started in the South London London Borough of Lewisham , in a format known as '' Slap Happy TV '' , where a happy-slapping video would be recorded , and then watched by dozens of people like a TV show .
Bhiria is a town in Naushahro Feroze District , Sindh , Pakistan .
The early colonial governors held an almost autocratic power due to the distance from and poor communications with Great Britain , until 1824 when the New South Wales Legislative Council , Australia 's first legislative body , was appointed to advise the governor .
It was also made of recycled material , cotton waste from Russia and phenol resins from the East German dye industry , making the Trabant the first car with a body made of recycled material .
Computer System engineers usually have training in electronic engineering , software design and hardware-software integration instead of only software engineering or electronic engineering .
Before he joined the NHL , Demitra played in his native Slovakia , as well as the American Hockey League ( AHL ) and International Hockey League ( IHL ) , minor professional leagues in North America .
It is one of the two best known sides in Vienna , the other being Rapid 's eternal rival , FK Austria Wien .
The bulbous growth on the tip of the male 's snout is called a ` ghara ' ( after the Indian word meaning ` pot ' ) , present in mature individuals .
No Category 5 hurricanes were observed officially before 1924 .
It has been the administrative center of the unitary authority area of North East Lincolnshire since 1996 .
Wind power in South Australia is a significant energy source for the state and South Australia is well suited to wind farms due to its proximity to the Roaring forties .
Richard Henry Blood ( Born February 28 , 1953 ) , better known by his ring name Ricky '' The Dragon '' Steamboat , is an American professional wrestler who is one of the most well-known professional wrestlers of the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Even though this was n't Wessel 's main intention with the publication , he felt that a geometrical concept of numbers , with length and direction , was needed .
Survivor Srbija , Serbia
A World Heritage Site , it is home to 20 Eastern Orthodox monasteries and forms a self-governed monastic state within the sovereignty of the Hellenic Republic .
Neyron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Natacha Danais - a 13-year-old French girl , disappeared November 1990 in Nantes , western France whilst out shopping with her mother .
Their styles , textures and flavors depend on the origin of the milk ( including the animal 's diet ) , whether they have been pasteurized , the butterfat content , the bacteria and mold , the processing , and aging .
' -- 2003 direct-to-video sequel to the 1973 film .
What made 1857 different was that , although not centrally coordinated , the uprisings had the feel of something much larger with real anticipation that colonial rule would be overthrown .
Elizabeth 's government did much to consolidate the work begun under Thomas Cromwell in the reign of Henry VIII , that is , expanding the role of the government and effecting common law and administration throughout England .
The first unit to be re-engined was D6123 , a further 19 machines were re-engined in 1964-1965 at Polmadie Works , along with other modifications including the fitting of four-character headcode displays in the nose ends .
Frankfurt International Airport is the single largest place of work in Germany .
The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 200,000 to 700,000 BP , as do various other sites such as Montagu Cave ( 58,000 to 200,000 BP ) and at the Klasies River Mouth ( 120,000 to 130,000 BP ) .
Beetles have a pair of hard wing-cases ( elytra ) which cover their true wings .
Under the influence of a trough of low pressure , the depression turned northward , and after steadily becoming better organized it transitioned into Tropical Storm Chris by late on September 10 .
Colusa County is a county located in the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California , northwest of state capital Sacramento .
That year , he also finished fifth in the early season Paris- Nice stage race , and ninth in the world championship , but he abandoned the Tour de France on stage 3 , affected by a knee injury .
The first official sell-out was Revolution 14 .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
The film is loosely based on two X-Men comic book story arcs : writer Chris Claremont 's and artist John Byrne 's '' The Dark Phoenix Saga '' in The Uncanny X-Men and writer Joss Whedon 's and artist John Cassaday 's six-issue '' Gifted '' arc in Astonishing X-Men .
Standing on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in August 1963 , King began with a reference to President Lincoln and his enduring words : '' Five score years ago , a great American , in whose symbolic shadow we stand today , signed the Emancipation Proclamation .
Though various sources say it was first known as '' sauce Isigny '' ( a town in Normandy said to have been renowned for the quality of its butter ) , Mrs. Isabella Beeton 's Household Management had recipes in the first edition ( 1861 ) for '' Dutch sauce , for fish '' ( p. 405 ) and its variant on the following page , '' Green sauce , or Hollandaise verte '' .
This article is mainly about the native Korean writing system .
Olympisch Stadion - Antwerp (/O1920/O)
Rural population El Valle Hato Mayor del Rey Sabana de la Mar Hato Mayor province For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
Under the CF structure , Canadian Expeditionary Forces Command ( CEFCOM ) is the unified command that is responsible for all Canadian Forces ( CF ) international operations , with the exception of operations conducted solely by Canadian Special Operations Forces Command elements .
Young-adult fiction , whether in the form of novels or short stories , has distinct attributes that distinguish it from the other age categories of fiction : Adult fiction , Middle Grade Fiction , and Children 's Fiction .
Upon Yar ` Adua 's death on 5 May 2010 , Jonathan succeeded to the Presidency , taking the oath of office on 6 May 2010 .
According to the properties of the material , failure will occur as yield for materials with ductile behaviour ( most metals , some soils and plastics ) or as rupture for brittle behaviour ( geomaterials , cast iron , glass , etc ) .
In 1999 , the World Bank and the IMF introduced the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper approach to replace structural adjustment loans .
It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 46,695,000 km and requires almost 25 Earth years to make one orbit .
However , the US government is unsure how to execute him ; an electric chair , a gas chamber , a firing squad , and hanging are all tried none of which work .
Production and distribution Compilation Yearbooks are generally compiled by a student committee , which may or may not be advised by members of the faculty .
It is named for Rochester , New York . This Rochester is the smallest municipality by population in the United States by that name .
The Fiat Stilo is a small family car available as a 3-door and a 5-door hatchback , as well as an estate ( Fiat Stilo MultiWagon ) , produced by the Italian automaker Fiat Automobiles . The Stilo 3-door and 5-door were launched in 2001 to replace the Fiat Bravo\/Brava , with the Stilo MultiWagon following in 2002 .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1966/1967 season was contested by 18 teams .
Cunnilingus refers to oral sex performed on females while fellatio and irrumatio refer to oral sex performed on males .
It is the sixth main game in the Mega Man X series .
She leaves and somehow steals the Cronus Stone , the stone that keeps the Titans in the Underworld lava pits .
The film stars Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington .
Unlike the Daily Star , the newspaper did not allege that Archer had slept with Coghlan .
A paramilitary is a force whose function and organization are similar to those of a professional military force , but which is not regarded as having the same status .
Paul Freier ( born 26 July 1979 in Bytom , Silesia ) is a German football player who plays as a midfielder for VfL Bochum , usually employed on the right wing .
Its last eruption is thought to have occurred some time in the first millennium AD .
Since the 15th century , the term nap generally refers to a special pile given to the cloth .
The tone and artistic ambition of this series of bestsellers has been compared to the classic animal novel Watership Down .
Soulignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Another species , Periophthalmus barbarus , is the only oxudercine goby that inhabits the coastal areas of western Africa .
Brisbane is named after Sir Thomas Brisbane , the Governor of New South Wales from 1821 to 1825 .
It covers about 18 % of the Peloponnese peninsula , making it the largest peripheral unit on the peninsula .
When a pawn makes a capture , the file from which the pawn departed is used in place of a piece initial , and ranks may be omitted if unambiguous .
James Knox Polk ( ; November 2 , 1795 -- June 15 , 1849 ) was the 11th President of the United States ( 1845 - 1849 ) .
Unlike cnidarians or flatworms , roundworms have a digestive system that is like a tube with openings at both ends .
The baby in the sun occasionally laughs out loud in short bursts , which was portrayed by Jessica Smith .
However , he was called back from this post as it was discovered that he was conducting trade for his own account .
The muscle wall surrounding the left ventricle is thicker than the wall surrounding the right ventricle due to the higher force needed to pump the blood through the systemic circulation .
The school was founded in 1819 as a Baptist seminary and later became non-denominational .
The sixth match was the Playboy BunnyMania Lumberjack match , in which Maria and Ashley faced Beth Phoenix and Melina , who were accompanied to the ring by Santino Marella ( Anthony Carelli ) .
Intoko Spain merged with LoQUo , Intoko Germany merged with Kijiji Germany .
The Wu-Tang Clan ( ) is a hip-hop group that consists of : RZA , GZA , Method Man , Raekwon , Ghostface Killah , Inspectah Deck , U-God , Masta Killa , and the late Ol' Dirty Bastard .
In the 18th century , the Passenger Pigeon in Europe was known to the French as tourtre ; but , in New France , the North American bird was called tourte .
If it is lower than normal then it is called low blood pressure or hypotension .
Adobe holds the copyright on the TIFF specification ( aka TIFF 6.0 ) along with the two supplements that have been published .
The drive-in was built in 1953 by local resident Juan Delgadillo ( May 17 , 1916 - June 2 , 2004 ) .
It is the westernmost and southernmost Interstate Highway in the United States .
In due course , a confirmed hypothesis may become part of a theory or occasionally may grow to become a theory itself .
Classified advertising is usually text-only and can consist of as little as the type of item being sold and a telephone number to call for more information .
The term bush is also affixed to any number of other entities or activities to describe their rural , country or folk nature , eg '' Bush Cricket '' , '' Bush Music '' , etc./O.
Only Labor Co-operative MPs and peers belong to the parliamentary Co-operative Party group .
Dailymotion is a video hosting service website , based in Paris , France .
In the 17th century many aristocratic ladies in the convent moved away and the city of Gerresheim became poorer and poorer .
In Europe , the game evolved into its current form in the 15th century .
Coleridge-Taylor 's work was later championed by Malcolm Sargent who conducted ten seasons of a costumed ballet version of The Song of Hiawatha at the Royal Albert Hall between 1928 and 1939 with the Royal Choral Society ( 600 to 800 singers ) and 200 dancers .
Fly to the Sky ( ) was a South Korean R&B duo , consisting of Korean American Brian Joo and South Korean native Hwanhee .
Upper Hesse ( Capital : Giessen ) North of the Main , separated from Starkenburg by the Free City of Frankfurt .
She started her professional career by deputising for Leon Goossens in the Drury Lane Orchestra .
On the other hand we do have tags , which can be used to alert people that you are in the process of making a larger edit ( within 1 -- 180 minutes ) .
Sulz is the name of a number of places in Germany , Austria , and Switzerland :
Webster was widely esteemed and was officially named by the U.S. Senate in 1957 as one of its five most outstanding members .
Mistletoe is the common name for a group of hemi-parasitic plants in the order Santalales that grow attached to and within the branches of a tree or shrub .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
Cowpox is similar to but much milder than the highly contagious and sometimes deadly smallpox disease . It resembles mild smallpox , and was the basis of the first smallpox vaccines .
Jien records that Suinin was the third son of Emperor Sujin , and that he ruled from the palace of Tamaki-no-miya at Makimuku in what will come to be known as Yamato province .
They follow the ship to an Earth Kingdom port . They slip into the jail and free Katara , who informs them of another prisoner named Lian the Maker , who is being forced to make machines for the Fire Nation .
Thiago Neves Augusto , commonly known as Thiago Neves ( born February 27 , 1985 in Curitiba ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Flamengo on loan from Al-Hilal .
(/O1980/O) .
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of its release , Metallica played the album in its entirety on their Escape from the Studio '06 tour for the first time ever at the Rock am Ring festival on June 3 , 2006 .
Historically , the tallest individual is claimed to be the Ferguson Tree , at 132.6 metres , found in the Watts River region of Victoria in 1871 or 1872 .
Diessenhofen District is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The film is a parallel to the 1994 film The Lion King , and focuses on the meerkat\/warthog duo Timon and Pumbaa before and during the events of the original film .
In 1958 Coleman led his first recording session for Contemporary , Something Else ! ! ! !
The collisions of atoms are elastic collisions ( Rutherford backscattering is one example ) .
The next few years saw his popularity reach fever-pitch , and he was soon ranked as one of the '' Four heavenly kings '' .
A healthy supply of alternative energy sources will help to combat gasoline price spikes and reduce dependency on fossil fuels , especially in the transport sector .
In 887 , he was deposed in East Francia , Lotharingia , and possibly Italy , where the records are not clear .
lifeguard at en . function deletemods addOnloadHook ( deletemods ) ;
Fred in Bourke - The Fred Hollows Foundation International He was survived by his wife Gabi Hollows ( an Australian Living Treasure ) , and children Tanya , Ben , Cam , Emma , Anna-Louise , Ruth and Rosa , and his two grandchildren Nicholas and Isabella .
Manneville-la-Pipard is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The book follows two rival groups , the Greasers and the Socs ( pronounced by the author as '' so-shez '' , short for Socials ) , who are divided by their socioeconomic status .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
The rebellion 's symbol , the Eureka Flag has become a national symbol and is held at the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery , Australia 's oldest and largest regional gallery .
Metroid Prime 3 : Corruption is a first-person action-adventure game developed by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
The Venus is not a realistic portrayal but rather an idealization of the female figure .
He was the founding pastor of the Thomas Road Baptist Church , a megachurch in Lynchburg , Virginia .
It is located at the Singapore Conference Hall since 2001 after the revamp of the building .
The Nasosus Machedonus can be found in certain parts of the island of Borneo in South-east Asia .
Except in main namespace ( article namespace ) , where the subpage feature has been disabled in the English Wikipedia , subpages are pages separated with a '' \/O/ '' ( a slash ) from their ` parent ' page .
In 1917 he was selected by the Philippines national team and represented the country at the Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo , helping them defeat Japan 15 & ndash ; 2 , which became the Philippines ' biggest win in international football .
Among English speakers , '' manga '' has the stricter meaning of '' Japanese comics '' , in parallel to the usage of '' anime '' in and outside of Japan .
Nairobi is also the capital of the Nairobi Province and of the Nairobi District .
The ensign is red and charged with a circle enclosing a crescent surmounted by five stars in a circle , all in white .
In Egypt , he had seen the Pyramids , while at the temple of Ammon , he had been shown the hymn once sent to that shrine by Pindar .
About a year later , he boarded the Pyrenees for transportation to what was then the British penal colony of Western Australia .
According to the Xfce website , Mousepad is based on an older text editor called Leafpad , and was developed in order to provide printing support .
The OIR operated its own fleet of steam locomotives : 0-6-0T and 0-6-0ST locomotives built by Hunslet and 0-4-0ST 's built by Hudswell Clarke .
Carlisle is a rural town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
At its greatest extent , the empire included the modern territories of Iran , Afghanistan , Pakistan , parts of Central Asia , Asia Minor , Thrace and Macedonia , much of the Black Sea coastal regions , Iraq , northern Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Israel , Lebanon , Syria , and all significant population centers of ancient Egypt as far west as Libya .
Nikolaus August Otto ( 14 June 1832 , Holzhausen an der Haide , Nassau - 26 January 1891 , Cologne ) was the German inventor of the first internal-combustion engine to efficiently burn fuel directly in a piston chamber .
Faust or Faustus ( Latin for '' auspicious '' or '' lucky '' ) is the protagonist of a classic German legend .
At the request of EMI , the band changed their name to Radiohead , inspired by the title of a song on Talking Heads ' True Stories album .
There is also a dust disc with a maximum temperature of 153 K located at a minimum distance of 3.4 AU from the star .
The series also introduced Agustin Guerrero , the original El Gato Negro of the early '50s and late '60s , as a major supporting character .
The usual waveform of an AC power circuit is a sine wave , however in certain applications , different waveforms are used , such as triangular or square waves .
Iron is particularly important for adolescents and pregnant women , whose requirements for it are increased .
In 1708 , Peter the Great gave the estate to his wife , the future Empress Catherine I , as a present .
It boots from either a CD or a USB flash drive , into a Fluxbox desktop environment .
In 1866 , California millwright Samuel Knight invented a machine that took the impulse system to a new level .
Khojak railroad tunnel 5.2 kilometer long ( 3.2 miles ) .
Marcus Porcius Cato ( 234 BC , Tusculum -- 149 BC ) was a Roman statesman , commonly surnamed Censorius ( the Censor ) , Sapiens ( the Wise ) , Priscus ( the Ancient ) , or Major , Cato the Elder , or Cato the Censor , to distinguish him from his great-grandson , Cato the Younger .
The film revolves around Anna Anderson , who believes that she is Anastasia Romanov , daughter of Nicholas II of Russia .
King Louie is a fictional orangutan who kidnaps Mowgli in Disney 's 1967 animated musical adaptation of The Jungle Book .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1997/1998 season was contested by 18 teams .
'' A Day in the Life '' is a song by the English rock group The Beatles , the final track on the group 's 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Ignore this warning and save the page .
West also collaborated with Japanese hip-hop group Teriyaki Boyz to produce the single '' I Still Love H.E.R. , '' a reference to Common 's 1994 single '' I Used to Love H.E.R. '' .
By early on October 31 Lorenzo became extratropical and merged with a frontal system .
Bernard Charles '' Bernie '' Ecclestone ( born 28 October 1930 ) is a British sports entrepreneur , as president and CEO of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration and through his part-ownership of Alpha Prema , the parent company of the Formula One Group of companies .
It has been marketed since 1963 with no decline in sales .
'' vampire squid from ` Hell ' '' ) is a small , deep-sea cephalopod found throughout the temperate and tropical oceans of the world .
Jarvis is one of the southern Line Islands and for statistical purposes is also grouped as one of the United States Minor Outlying Islands .
The World Economic Forum ( WEF ) is a Geneva-based non-profit foundation best known for its annual meeting in Davos , Switzerland , which brings together top business leaders , international political leaders , selected intellectuals and journalists to discuss the most pressing issues facing the world , including health and the environment .
Often an oil such as linseed was boiled with a resin such as pine resin or even frankincense ; these were called ` varnishes ' and were prized for their body and gloss . Other oils occasionally used include poppyseed oil , walnut oil , and safflower oil .
It then emerged into the Gulf of Mexico on August 30 , weakening into a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph ( 185 km/h ) winds .
In July 1780 , he sought and obtained command of West Point in order to surrender it to the British .
Millionaires is a Electro-pop group consisting of two girls from Orange County , California .
Bons-Tassilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Han River is a major river in South Korea and the fourth longest river on the Korean peninsula after the Amnok , Duman , and Nakdong rivers .
External links
Nakajima finished tenth in the race , setting the fifth fastest lap - quicker than his team-mate Nico Rosberg , who finished fourth .
Kolme ( '' Three '' , 1997 )
These events are set in motion by beings who have taken on the roles of the Greek gods .
The discovery was made with the radial velocity method at the Observatoire de Haute-Provence , using the ELODIE spectrograph .
As of 2006 , it has a circulation of 3.75 million and revenue expected to top $ 1.5 billion .
It was in this function that the consuls were vested with full imperium .
She first rose to prominence as an academic , barrister , campaigner and member of the Irish Senate ( 1969 - 1989 ) .
Kristin Harms and Llewellyn Wells were producers for the pilot .
In an effect reminiscent of the earliest Cybermen 's mouths snapping open while speaking , the new Cybermen have a blue light in their '' mouths '' which blinks in synchronisation with their speech .
Red foxes are serious competitors of corsac foxes , as they hunt the same prey all year .
The French National Assembly ( ) is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of France under the Fifth Republic .
His next album , A Wild and Crazy Guy (/O1978/O) , was an even bigger success , reaching the # 2 spot on the US sales chart , selling over a million copies .
Symbiosis ( from the Greek : syn '' with '' ; and biosis '' living '' ) is close and often long-term interactions between different biological species .
Also , many river dolphins possess very poor eyesight .
Generally speaking , more cache means more performance , due to reduced stalling .
Derawali is an Indo-European language spoken in western parts of Punjab , Pakistan ; it is a dialect of Saraiki ( western Punjabi ) language .
The school 's second motto , Finis Origine Pendet , meaning '' the end depends upon the beginning , '' is scrolled across the bottom of the seal .
This mechanism of sex determination gives rise to what W. D. Hamilton first termed '' supersisters '' who share 75 per cent of their genes on average . Sterile workers are more closely related to their supersisters than to any offspring they might have , if they were to breed themselves .
V is the twenty-second letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
Dean drifted to the northwest , weakening into a remnant low which dissipated uneventfully over the southwestern United States .
It was originally intended that several of these destroyers would be built at Cockatoo Island Dockyard , but Williamstown Naval Dockyard had emerged as the sole builder of the vessels before the project was canceled .
Omega is owned by the Swatch Group .
Robinson is officially the youngest player in SPL history and is also the youngest player to have ever played competitive football for Hearts , having made his debut in a 1 - 0 win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle on 26 April 2008 .
Mendionde ( Basque Lekorne ) is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The cover art is part of A Modern Project by German photographer Rut Blees Luxemburg , famous for her night cityscapes of London and for the cover art of The Streets ' Original Pirate Material .
( , ) is a savory and pungent fermented Korean condiment .
According to the 2001 United Kingdom Census it had a population of 15,922 .
In 2003 , Nate acquired the online community service Cyworld , and in 2004 , it achieved first place in local page views with a total of 3.8 million , surpassing rival Daum for the first time .
Windows Me was designed for home use , while Windows 2000 was designed for business .
He was also instrumental in the establishment of the international Non-Aligned Movement .
Discovered by William Herschel in 1787 , Titania is named after the queen of the fairies in Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
The municipal area is 493 km , with a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco .
The large-scale structure of Lulu is often said to be like a mirror - Lulu 's popularity in the first act is mirrored by the squalor she lives in during act 3 , and this is emphasised by Lulu 's husbands in act 1 being played by the same singers as her clients in act 3 .
Dough is a paste made out of any cereals ( grains ) or leguminous crops by mixing the flour with a small amount of water .
Ravenna Calcio is an Italian association football club , based in Ravenna , Emilia-Romagna .
This was the first Disney movie to make heavy use of computer animation , since previous films The Black Cauldron and The Great Mouse Detective used it only for special sequences .
Many researchers in the area of fetal development believe that a fetus is unlikely to feel pain until after the seventh month of pregnancy .
The Bahrain Grand Prix ( ) is a Formula One Championship race which first took place at the Bahrain International Circuit on 4 April 2004 .
Many hospitals also have designated intensive care areas for certain specialities of medicine , as dictated by the needs and available resources of each hospital .
Citrus is a common term and genus ( Citrus ) of flowering plants in the rue family , Rutaceae , originating in tropical and subtropical southeast regions of the world .
While he was still growing up , chancellor Niels Kaas and the Rigsraadet council served as trustees of the royal power .
Hoping Franco could play with him in the nerazzurri ; Giuseppe brought him for a trial in Inter 's youth team , but Franco was rejected .
On January 8 , 2011 , Giffords was a victim of a shooting near Tucson , which was reported to be an assassination attempt on her , at a Safeway supermarket where she was meeting publicly with constituents . Giffords was critically injured by a gunshot wound to the head ; six people were killed , and another thirteen people were injured in the shooting .
The federal head of state of Malaysia is the Yang di-Pertuan Agong , commonly referred to as the King of Malaysia .
It is a branch of continuum mechanics , a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms , that is , it models matter from a macroscopic viewpoint rather than from a microscopic viewpoint .
In 1751 his eyesight started to fail in one eye .
Ingredients Grain coffee and other substitutes can be made by roasting or decocting various organic substances .
External links A selection of poems inspired by Vauxhall Gardens Details on Vauxhall Gardens maintained by the Vauxhall Society Website on Vauxhall Gardens from David Coke , FSA , a curator and expert on the pleasure gardens The Vauxhall Pleasure Gardens Detailed History from vauxhallandkennington.org .
There are also a number of free papers , one being A View From Bridport . The Dorset Echo also serves Bridport and is published daily from Monday to Saturday .
The International Justice Network ( IJNetwork ) is a non-profit organization dedicated to protection of human rights and the rule of law throughout the world . They provide direct legal assistance to victims of human rights abuses through a global network of legal professionals , non-governmental organizations and other human rights advocates .
was the 21st emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O21/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
The Haysi area is served by Haysi High School and Sandlick Elementary School in the nearby community of Birchleaf , Virginia .
Tess was Polanski 's first film since his 1977 arrest in Los Angeles , and because of the American-British extradition treaty , Tess was shot in the north of France instead of Hardy 's Dorset and Wiltshire ; a replica of Stonehenge was constructed at Morienval for the final scene .
The city was captured by the French in 1895 and incorporated into their Madagascar protectorate .
All demographics and other statistics : Italian statistical institute Istat .
On the other hand , fake structures which serve no other purpose than decoration are also common , and these are follies .
As in the wit of Dorothy Parker 's set , the Algonquin Round Table , witty remarks may be intentionally cruel ( as in many epigrams ) , and perhaps more ingenious than funny .
This was the first Disney movie to make heavy use of computer animation , since previous films The Black Cauldron and The Great Mouse Detective used it only for special sequences .
, he was ranked 5th in the world by the International Skating Union ( ISU ) .
The Blue Room is the third EP released by English band Coldplay , and their first release after signing with the Parlophone label in April 1999 .
Changes summary
The nine brightest stars of the Pleiades are named for the Seven Sisters of Greek mythology : Sterope , Merope , Electra , Maia , Taygete , Celaeno , and Alcyone , along with their parents Atlas and Pleione .
He is a pioneer in exploring the formal possibilities of reinforced concrete solely for their aesthetic impact .
The University of Melbourne ( informally Melbourne Uni , Unimelb or just Melbourne ) is a public university located in Melbourne , Victoria .
Length = 49:19
It may be used for sitting or kneeling upon , or to soften the hardness or angularity of a chair or couch .
The first class to be graduated fromt the Big Horn Academy was the class of 1912 , consisting of 13 students .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 397 people , 136 households , and 102 families residing in the village .
From Besal onwards visitors have to trek about 6 -- 8 hours in vast alpine meadows to reach the lake .
The olfactory system is the sensory system used for olfaction , or the sense of smell .
Katrina Amy Alexandria Alexis Infield ( born 22 May 1978 ) , better known as Katie Price , previously known under the pseudonym Jordan , is a British television personality , occasional singer and former glamour model .
Other sports Volleyball , basketball and tennis are other major sports .
Hello is a salutation or greeting in the English language .
Grundy Center is a city in Grundy County , Iowa , United States .
It was n't until 1973 that the company was officially established under the name '' Sanrio . ''
Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger , Norway which incorporates a mixture of gothic metal and symphonic metal , as well as extreme metal and death metal elements .
In addition to rhythm , the occasional game may challenge the player to control their volume by measuring how hard they press each button .
Biden is the first United States Vice President from Delaware and the first Roman Catholic to attain that office .
Tactics also play a key role , and the combination makes it attractive to many .
The city is also the administrative center of Jacobabad Taluka , an administrative subdivision of the district , the city is subdivided into 8 Union Councils .
History Charlotte County was established April 23 , 1921 .
Project Gnome , a nuclear test in 1961
Vasari also relates that when the Pope sent a messenger to Giotto , asking him to send a drawing to demonstrate his skill , Giotto drew , in red paint , a circle so perfect that it seemed as though it was drawn using a compass and instructed the messenger to give that to the Pope .
The writing of '' puff pieces '' and advertisements on Wikipedia is strictly prohibited .
Phantom pain is a neuropathic pain .
In the mid-1990s , the bank started to get most of its funding from the central bank of Bangladesh .
A large area of disturbed weather developed across much of the Caribbean Sea and gradually organized to the southeast of Jamaica .
The original lineup of Jon King , Andy Gill , Dave Allen and Hugo Burnham reformed in November 2004 .
In computing , an anonymous function is a function ( or a subroutine ) defined , and possibly called , without being bound to an identifier .
A valve is a device that regulates the flow of a fluid ( gases , liquids , fluidized solids , or slurries ) by opening , closing , or partially obstructing various passageways .
However , today the ceiling , and especially The Last Judgement , are widely believed to be Michelangelo 's crowning achievements in painting .
In 2007 Rob Schnapf , producer for Beck , was asked to produce their sixth studio album in Los Angeles .
Gangster Disciples , La Raza , Black Guerrilla Family ,
The poisons referred to are usually hydrogen cyanide ( HCN ) , and its chemicals made from hydrogen cyanide , like potassium cyanide ( KCN ) , and sodium cyanide ( NaCN ) .
The Venus Flytrap is not a tropical plant and can tolerate mild winters .
Officers of the MTA Police are fully empowered under the New York State Public Authorities Law and are commissioned in the state of Connecticut .
Elastic energy of or within a substance is distinct from heat .
It is situated at the mouth of the River Wear .
Neurology , psychiatry , and neuropathology are medical specialties that specifically address the diseases of the nervous system .
Soon , detachable spikes were designed and were seen many times until 1976 , when they were not allowed to be used in baseball .
Notice the coefficients are the numbers in row two of Pascal 's triangle : 1 , 2 , 1 .
A playwright , also known as a dramatist , is a person who writes dramatic literature or drama .
He is given magic shoes by Luke before leaving .
One species , Meleagris gallopavo , commonly known as the Wild Turkey , is native to the forests of North America .
Chicago Bears ( -- )
Ethnic groups The predominant ethnic group of Sheikhul Bandi are the Jadoons - a Pashtoon tribe .
So , in 1835 , as a leading member of the Port Phillip Association he sailed for the mainland in the schooner Rebecca and explored much of Port Phillip .
Quinn , 455 On January 29 , 1845 , his poem '' The Raven '' appeared in the Evening Mirror and became a popular sensation .
Scotland resists a small invasion force from England lead by Richard II .
Jacqueline Lee Bouvier Kennedy Onassis ( July 28 , 1929 - May 19 , 1994 ) was the wife of the 35th President of the United States , John F. Kennedy , and served as First Lady of the United States during his presidency from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
A North American version of Disgaea for the PlayStation Portable was released on October 30 , 2007 dubbed Disgaea : Afternoon of Darkness .
Opera seria was less popular in France , where the national genre of French opera was preferred . Popular composers of opera seria included Alessandro Scarlatti , Johann Adolf Hasse , Leonardo Vinci , Nicola Porpora , George Frideric Handel , and in the second half of the 18th century Tommaso Traetta , Gluck , and Mozart .
One option offered ( TwinkleConfig . deleteSysopDefaultToTag ) turns it into the other behavior - to tag the page for deletion .
In 1963 , Dick won the Hugo Award for The Man in the High Castle .
Beginning in 1914 , both Lasky and Famous Players released their films through a start-up company , Paramount Pictures Corporation , organized early that year by a Utah theatre owner , W. W. Hodkinson , who had bought and merged several smaller firms .
The syntax is ( number ) Name , for example (/O90377/O) Sedna or .
The client submits an HTTP request message to the server .
Although many new Latin American immigrants are less than fluent in English , second-generation Hispanic Americans commonly speak English fluently , while only about half still speak Spanish .
After hearing her play , Brown and Hamilton persuaded Krall to move to Los Angeles , and study with pianist Jimmy Rowles , with whom she began to sing .
Genet 's mother was a young prostitute who raised him for the first year of his life before putting him up for adoption .
Lake Charles in Lake Charles , Louisiana , U.S.
Charley lasted from August 9 to August 15 , and at its peak intensity it attained 150 mph ( 240 km/h ) winds , making it a strong Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
It is in the southeast of the country , bordering Pakistan and Afghanistan and its capital is Zahedan .
Sarcé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Stonehenge , for example , is famous for its solstice alignment .
Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement of the same name .
It is a tributary of the River Great Ouse , and is navigable to Jude 's Ferry .
For the current tornado season , see Tornadoes of 2010
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates , flowers , and dies in a year or season .
E.g. , a device that has a bandwidth of 2 MHz with center frequency 10 MHz will have a fractional bandwidth of 2/10 , or 20 % .
Lollapalooza has featured a diverse range of bands and has helped expose and popularize alternative rock groups such as Thenewno2 , Pearl Jam , Primus , Rage Against the Machine , Nine Inch Nails , Jane 's Addiction , Soundgarden , The Smashing Pumpkins , Alice in Chains , Tool , Red Hot Chili Peppers , Hole , 30 Seconds to Mars , The Strokes , and Green Day .
Dmitri Leonidovich Radchenko ( ; born December 2 , 1970 in Leningrad ) is a retired Russian footballer , who played as a striker .
The Pathfinder 's traditional Japanese competitor is the Toyota 4Runner .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , John J. Kavelaars , Jean-Marc Petit , Hans Scholl , Matthew J. Holman , Brian G. Marsden , Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns in early October 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 2 .
Peter Hoffmann has remained the producer since the group 's inception .
Given gravitation 's predominance in shaping cosmological structures , accurate predictions of the universe 's past and future require an accurate theory of gravitation .
Zetterberg started his career at his local club , Falkenbergs FF , but after only seven games at senior level he became professional , joining the Belgian team RSC Anderlecht .
It is signified by the plus sign ( + ) .
Mail item larger than a letter
Montfiquet is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The reign of Emperor Kimmei ( 509 ?
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
The one-dollar note was replaced by a coin in 1984 , while the two-dollar note was replaced by a coin in 1988 .
The signing of the document ended the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 , and led to the formation of Bangladesh .
Ergastic substances are non-protoplasm materials found in cells .
At Backlash , Michaels suffered a loss when the Spirit Squad interfered on behalf of The McMahons .
Governor-General Sir John Kerr intervened and revoked Whitlam 's commission on 11 November 1975 .
Davies was Artistic Director of the Dartington Summer School from 1979 to 1984 and has held a number of posts .
In 2003 , Intel introduced a new processor based on the P6 microarchitecture called Pentium M , which was much more power efficient than the Mobile Pentium 4 , Pentium 4 M and Pentium III M. Dual-core version of the Pentium M was developed under the code name Yonah and sold under the marketing names Core Duo and Pentium Dual-Core . Unlike Pentium D , it integrated both cores on a single chip .
When that child dies , the crown is in turn passed to his or her child , or , if no child exists , a sister , brother , niece , nephew , cousin , or other relative .
The site now provides news , photos , video , blogs , reviews , gig listings and videos as well as featuring downloads , merchandising and message boards .
He played a total of 81 matches for Italy , playing his final game one against Norway in September 1985 .
The automatic pop-up toaster , which ejects the toast after toasting it , was first patented by Charles Strite in 1921 .
More often , pieces in a minor mode that have A-flat 's pitch as tonic are notated in the enharmonic key , G-sharp minor , because of G-sharp 's appreciably simpler key signature .
They signed their first record deal with Emerald Moon Records in 2004 and released their first EP , titled The Three Words to Remember in Dealing with the End later that year . Their first studio album , The Party Scene , was released July 2005 .
The Goth Theodoric the Great , king of the Ostrogoths and regent of the Visigoths , was allied by marriage with the Vandals as well as with the Burgundians and the Franks under .
'' Fredric Jameson , collected in Marxism Beyond Marxism (/O1996/O) ISBN 0-415-91442-6 , page 43 Robert Conquest disputed such a conclusion and noted that '' Russia had already been fourth to fifth among industrial economies before World War I '' and that Russian industrial advances could have been achieved without collectivisation , famine or terror .
Seninghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Thenailles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Sebastian Bengt Ulf Larsson ( born 6 June 1985 ) is a Swedish international footballer who plays for Birmingham City .
It is located at the western edge of the fertile Oxnard Plain , and is an important agricultural center , with its distinction as the strawberry and lima bean capital of California .
Although they both have equal status , '' God Defend New Zealand '' is the anthem that is in common use and is popularly referred to as '' the national anthem '' .
First when the user guesses a product will be close to 10 but is n't sure whether it will be slightly less or slightly more than 10 , the folded scales avoid the possibility of going off the scale .
Underclothes , underclothing and underwear are formal terms , while undergarments may be more casually referred to in Australia as Reg Grundys ( rhyming slang for undies ) or Reginalds , and in the UK as smalls ( from the earlier smallclothes ) .
In many Christian traditions , regular public worship is complemented by other forms of worship , such as individual meditation , prayer and study , small group prayer ( often linked with Bible study ) Church - Question Mark Booklets - Page 16 - ISBN 0 85421 333 3 , and formal ceremonies on special occasions , including weddings , funerals , baptisms and events of Church or state .
He was arrested in 1996 and has been in prison ever since .
Before that the region was almost invariably called the High Plains , in contrast to the lower Prairie Plains of the Midwestern states . Today the term '' High Plains '' is used for a subregion of the Great Plains .
Sorengo is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is considered a summer pear , not as tolerant of cold as some varieties .
Santa Maria or Sta .
It was composed by guitarist Jimmy Page and vocalist Robert Plant for the band 's untitled fourth studio album ( dubbed Led Zeppelin IV ) .
Both American recitals were accompanied by pianist Gerald Moore .
Anne Boleyn ( , or ) ; c. 1501\/1507 - 19 May 1536 ) was Queen of England from 1533 to 1536 as the second wife of Henry VIII of England and the 1st Marquess of Pembroke in her own right for herself and her descendants .
The channel has also announced it will eventually offer an on demand version .
The new owners of the area started fast economic exploitation and development of the forests and brought enough settlers ( mainly from overpopulated Masovia ) to build several new villages in the area .
November 4 & ndash ; Felix of Valois , French saint ( b. 1127 )
One study from as early as 1895 reported that approximately 10 % of the population experienced hallucinations .
According to the second law of thermodynamics heat can not spontaneously flow from a colder location to a hotter area ; work is required to achieve this .
Possibly the most famous of the forecasters is the now semi-retired Michael Fish .
The first book in the series , Ilium , received the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction novel in 2004 .
The German Democratic Republic was proclaimed on 7 October 1949 with the adoption of a new constitution , establishing a political system similar to that of the Soviet Union .
Savonarola became a Dominican friar in 1475 and entered the monastery of San Domenico in Bologna .
Also in the neighborhood , in the Valle Bona area , are excavations of Etruscan tombs .
George Roger Waters ( born 6 September 1943 ) is an English rock musician , singer-songwriter and composer .
The district is named after the two major rivers in the district - the Spree river forms a large bend within the district ; the Oder river constitutes the eastern border .
In mathematics , the Fibonacci numbers are the following sequence of numbers : By definition , the first two Fibonacci numbers are 0 and 1 , and each remaining number is the sum of the previous two .
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by Brush Traction with a Petter 4-cylinder engine .
Chupa Chups is a lollipop company founded by Spanish native Enric Bernat in 1958 , and currently owned by the Dutch-Italian multinational corporation Perfetti Van Melle .
The Mixed Tag Team Match between King Kong Bundy and his midget team of Lord Littlebrook and Little Tokyo against Hillbilly Jim and his own midget team of The Haiti Kid and Little Beaver was next .
The European Portuguese pronunciation is . )
Cabrera
This is the second official Mario game to have a save feature , after Super Mario World , though this is the first Mario game released to a portable console to have a save feature .
Included within the ethnic group defined by the Maltese people are the Gozitans ( ) who inhabit Malta 's sister island , Gozo .
Matanuska-Susitna Valley ( known locally as the Mat-Su or The Valley ) is an area in Southcentral Alaska south of the Alaska Range about 25 m north northeast of Anchorage , Alaska known for producing huge vegetables during a 100-day growing season .
In Jubei-chan 2 , with Ueda as Bantaro and Horie as Jiyu .
In 1233 , Pirna was mentioned for the first time in a document .
All regularly released albums and their chart positions in the Swedish Top 60 ( SWE ) .
Many males masturbate daily , or even more frequently , well into their 20s and sometimes far beyond .
It came into force on 1 January 1901 .
The Province of Latina is a province in the Lazio region of Italy . Its capital is the city of Latina .
Bundy bludgeoned her with a metal rod from her bed frame while she slept and sexually assaulted her with a speculum .
Tour de France - Tour of France ( est .
The Gleiwitz incident was a staged attack by Nazi forces posing as Poles on 31 August 1939 , against the German radio station Sender Gleiwitz in Gleiwitz , Upper Silesia , Germany ( since 1945 : Gliwice , Poland ) on the eve of World War II in Europe .
Ned Kelly is a 1970 film .
E. Cobham Brewer , Dictionary of Phrase and Fable 1898 , s.v. '' Kissing under the mistletoe '' relates the custom to the death of Baldr , without authority .
Nectar is an economically important item , the sugar source for honey .
Recovery time can range from several hours to two or three days ( though as age increases so does recovery time ) .
The Livonian Brothers of the Sword , in alliance with the Semigallians , conquer Livs .
Doha is also expected to host the 2011 Asian Indoor Games ; Doha will also host the finals for the 2011 AFC Asian Cup .
Audignicourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
-- )
It works best on texts that are for children up to fourth grade .
The following is a list of the 816 communes of the Aisne département in France .
Some examples are via a helium balloon , through fireworks , shot from shotgun shells , or scattered from an airplane ( this is not illegal in most jurisdictions , in part because laws prohibiting it would be difficult to enforce ) .
Early career Stephen registered for the draft on June 5 , 1918 but he did not serve .
'' Summertime '' ( New Kids on the Block song )
Multiple tornadoes produced by the same storm cell are referred to as a '' tornado family '' .
Ishpeming is a city in Marquette County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
His translations had an influential impact on the development of Esperanto into a language of literature .
Chevrolet , also known as Chevy , is a brand of vehicle produced by General Motors Company ( GM ) .
Many fans often contrast Picard 's leadership style to James T. Kirk 's .
The Victoria Cross for Australia was created by letters patent signed by Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia , on 15 January 1991 .
The show , which aired on ABC from 1966 to 1968 , starred Ward as Robin with Adam West as the title character .
Events Nur ad-Din invades Egypt , and his nephew Saladin becomes the sultan over the territory conquered by Nur ad-Din , as well as vizier of Cairo .
The capital has been located in Sacramento since 1854 with only a short break in 1861 when legislative sessions were held in San Francisco due to flooding in Sacramento .
Eklund is also a suspect in other murder cases currently under investigation , including the unsolved 1994 murder of Malin Olsson in Gothenburg .
In the Domesday Book , Ampthill is referred to as ` Ammetelle ' , with the landholder in 1086 being Nigel de la Vast .
Fort Worth is the most populous city in Tarrant County , seventeenth largest in the U.S. , with a population of 653,320 as of 2006 .
Gusty winds blew down trees and power lines , and along the coast , rough surf was reported .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , et al . on August 13 , 2002 .
# 18475 Komi-Permyak : , Perem ; ) is a city and the administrative center of Perm Krai , Russia .
Grace reached its peak intensity with winds of 85 k and a minimum central barometric pressure of 980 mbar ( hPa ; 28.94 inHg ) , ranking as a Category 2 .
As of 2000 , the population was 35,634 .
During the exercise the men standing next to the targets are not allowed to move or wear body armor for several hours .
Mosques or the community usually provide meals periodically throughout the night .
Delray is a neighborhood and former incorporated village , located on the south side of Detroit , Michigan .
Replonges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It most frequently originates in one of the adrenal glands , but can also develop in nerve tissues in the neck , chest , abdomen , or pelvis .
, subsequently Persia ( since 208 ? )
An estimated 600 grizzly bears live in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem , with more than half of the population living within Yellowstone .
On 24 May 2010 , it became the 32nd largest Wikipedia by size and it passed the 100,000 articles threshold .
A boiling tube is essentially a scaled-up test tube , being about 50 % larger in every aspect .
Author Ed Morales has claimed that Yoruba mythology played a part in early blues , citing Robert Johnson 's '' Cross Road Blues '' as a '' thinly veiled reference to Eleggua , the orisha in charge of the crossroads '' .
LG Prada sold 1 million unitsTG Daily article from Mon 23rd Feb 2009Mobile Industry Review article from November 20th , 2008 in the first 18 months .
On 10 November 2009 , HSBC Finance Corporation announced its auto finance entities had reached an agreement with Santander Consumer USA Inc. ( SC USA ) to sell HSBC US auto loan servicing operations as well as US $ 1 billion in auto loan receivables for US $ 904 million in cash , and enter into a loan servicing agreement for the remainder of its US auto loan portfolio , which is in liquidation .
Genus Ophiodes - Worm lizards ( 4 species )
Originally known as Gillespie Road , it was renamed in 1932 after Arsenal Football Club , who at the time played at the nearby Arsenal Stadium .
The Bamberg Cathedral ( , official name Bamberger Dom St. Peter und St. Georg ) is a church in Bamberg , Germany , completed in the 13th century .
An academic and former Foreign Minister of Egypt , Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several world crises , including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan Genocide .
The mere fact that a sentence is long does not make it a run-on sentence ; sentences are run-ons only when they contain more than one complete idea . A run-on sentence can be as short as four words- for instance : I drive she walks .
In normal service all trains run from Brixton to Seven Sisters with roughly three out of five continuing to Walthamstow Central .
The genus is named from the Latin word for '' monstrous '' or '' abnormal '' , the members of the genus are distinguished by their unusual leaves with natural holes .
The first definite record of his employment is dated April 19 , 1477 , and it shows that he was a singer at the chapel of René , Duke of Anjou , in Aix-en-Provence .
Francesca Lia Block ( born December 3 , 1962 ) is the author of many young adult books , most famously the Weetzie Bat series .
The species used to be classified as a subspecies of the Eurasian Lynx ( Lynx lynx ) , but is now considered a separate species .
The Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians describes it as '' A term commonly applied to a musical engagement of one night 's duration only ; to undertake such an engagement . ''
See Article 6.5 in the Parlament-cat .
Promotion to a higher degree is by invitation only .
Articles and events specifically relating to the decade beginning with the year 1800 and ending with the year 1809 .
The Venezuelan Sylph ( Aglaiocercus berlepschi ) is a small bird in the hummingbird family , Trochilidae .
Favourite Worst Nightmare The band 's second album , Favourite Worst Nightmare , was released on 23 April 2007 , a week after the release of accompanying single '' Brianstorm '' .
Later that night , their camp is ambushed by the Ra ` zac .
The city prides itself on its historic connection to the navel orange , which was introduced to North America from Brazil by the first settlers to Riverside in 1873 . Riverside is home to the three surviving Parent Navel Orange Tree , from which all American West Coast navel orange trees are descended .
Structural engineering is usually considered a specialty within civil engineering , but it can also be studied in its own right .
Carlo Gesualdo ( 1566 & ndash ; 1613 ) , also known as Don Carlo Gesualdo , Italian music composer , murderer
It is the site of the council Kolding Municipality . It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing center , and has numerous industrial companies , principally geared towards shipbuilding .
September 25 -- Battle of Stamford Bridge : King Harold II of England defeats the Norwegians under Harald Hardrada .
During the pre-season , Mourinho put on the club website detailed reports on the team training .
For the short-lived NFL team , see 1928 Detroit Wolverines ( NFL ) season .
He started skating at age nine .
During the fighting in the second battle , Arnold , operating against Gates ' orders , took to the battlefield and led attacks on the British defenses .
Tezcatlipoca is a the name used by two fictional characters who appeared in the DC Comics . One is the deity from Aztec mythology and appeared in Wonder Woman .
The term petroleum was first used in the treatise De Natura Fossilium , published in 1546 by the German mineralogist Georg Bauer , also known as Georgius Agricola .
Magnus Carl Hedman ( born 19 March 1973 in Huddinge ) is a Swedish former football goalkeeper .
Further research showed male fireflies from several different genera are attracted to these '' femmes fatales '' , and are subsequently captured and eaten .
Although the United Kingdom and the United States share English as a spoken and written language , British Sign Language ( BSL ) is quite different from ASL , and the two sign languages are not mutually intelligible .
Xabier '' Xabi '' Alonso Olano ( ; born 25 November 1981 in Tolosa , Basque Country ) is a Spanish World Cup-winning footballer who currently plays for La Liga club Real Madrid and the Spanish national team .
'' Bootylicious '' is a song by American R&B group Destiny 's Child .
University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center & ndash ; Oklahoma City , Oklahoma
Suffolk.edu .
The episode deals with Marge becoming infatuated with her bowling instructor Jacques , leading a marriage crisis between her an Homer .
The term brush refers to devices with bristles , wire or other filaments , used for cleaning , grooming hair , make up , painting , surface finishing and for many other purposes .
The Commonwealth had been forced to rely on Russia for protection against the rising Kingdom of Prussia , while Prussia was demanding a slice of the northwest in order to unite its Western and Eastern portions , although this would leave the Commonwealth with a Baltic coast only in Latvia and Lithuania .
Charles Augustus Lindbergh ( February 4 , 1902 - August 26 , 1974 ) ( nicknamed '' Slim , '' '' Lucky Lindy '' and '' The Lone Eagle '' ) was an American aviator , author , inventor , explorer , and social activist .
Winter Garden is a city located west of downtown Orlando in western Orange County , Florida .
Passau ( previously or Batavia ) is a town in Lower Bavaria , Germany .
Muhammad 's father , Abdullah , died almost six months before he was born .
Nickel Creek received two Grammy nominations for the album : Best Bluegrass Album and Best Country Instrumental for '' Ode to a Butterfly '' .
Ryanair Fleet & ndash ; IAA Database The airline has been characterised by rapid expansion , a result of the deregulation of the air industry in Europe in 1997 and the success of its low cost business model .
But the Blue Fairy decides that Pinocchio has proven his worth in being a brave , good boy and brings him back to life as a real boy .
The six classes are the Warrior , the Blader , the Wizard , the Force Blader , the Force Shielder and the Force Archer .
At the same time , Prince Louis of Battenberg adopted the surname Mountbatten , a partial translation into English .
De Havilland denied this in a 2006 interview , saying she had recently given birth to her son when offered the role , which had been a life altering experience , and was unable to relate to the material .
Abhisit Vejjajiva ( ; ( Thai pronunciation ) , , , born 3 August 1964 ) is the leader of the Democrat Party and 27th and current Prime Minister of Thailand .
Gellar realized that she needed clearance from the government to remove the sword from the country , and after eventually succeeding , stated that it was '' incredibly difficult '' to do .
Thirteenth in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film was released in New York City and London on July 26 , 1951 by RKO Radio Pictures .
Jacques Arcadelt ( also Jacob Arcadelt ) ( - 14 October 1568 ) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance , active in both Italy and France , and principally known as a composer of secular vocal music .
Martin Luther , a music lover , composed hymns that are still sung today , and expected congregations to be active participants in the service , singing along .
She became a naturalized United States citizen in 1994 and also received Hungarian citizenship in June 2007 .
A doughnut ( ) ( also spelled donut ) is a sweet , deep-fried piece of dough or batter .
Tapestry is weft-faced weaving , in which all the warp threads are hidden in the completed work , unlike cloth weaving where both the warp and the weft threads may be visible .
The words were written in 1908 by vaudeville star Jack Norworth , who while riding a subway train , was inspired by a sign that said '' Baseball Today -- Polo Grounds '' .
Norman is spoken in mainland Normandy in France where it has no official status , but is classed as a regional language .
Cerizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ultimately in February 2010 , Atlanta was awarded the right to host the event .
Muhammad Zaman Sagar , a field linguist , has worked on this language .
He spent his childhood in Fuendetodos , where his family lived in a house bearing the family crest of his mother .
The Social Democratic Party of Germany ( Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands , SPD ) is Germany 's oldest political party , established in 1875 , in the German Parliament .
March 22 -- The ship Waeckende Boey is wrecked on the coast of Java ; the 4 survivors walk overland to Jepara .
Other writers disagree with Blackstone 's assertion equating the two sorts of punishment seat .
He was the son of a silk manufacturer at Lyon , where he was born , originally intended to follow his father 's business ; but having in 1792 served as volunteer in the cavalry of the national guard at Lyons , he manifested military abilities which secured his rapid promotion .
Impact and records Several of the crews that were taking part in the 2005 Atlantic Rowing Race were affected with heavy seas and strong adverse winds from Tropical Storm Zeta .
The third most popular response doubled the '' Panel Poll '' winnings , the second most popular tripled their winnings , and the most popular multiplied their winnings by five for a top prize of $ 5,000 .
Ravel tried a total of five times to win the prize , and the last failed attempt in 1905 was so controversial that it led to a complete reorganization of the administration at the Paris Conservatory .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
Retrieved 01-28-2009 where he graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering .
It was the largest of the German concentration camps , consisting of Auschwitz I ( the Stammlager or base camp ) ; Auschwitz II-Birkenau ( the Vernichtungslager or extermination camp ) ; Auschwitz III-Monowitz , also known as Buna-Monowitz ( a labor camp ) ; and 45 satellite camps .
Richard G. Hovannisian ( , born November 9 , 1932 ) is an American-Armenian historian and scholar .
He was the President of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
Khan Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde overruns Moscow , as punishment for Grand Prince Dmitri Donskoi 's resistance to Khan Mamai of the Blue Horde in the 1370s .
Variations made with breaded meat cutlets , such as veal and chicken parmigiana , have been popularized in other countries , usually in areas of Italian immigration .
Correlation measures the strength of a linear relationship between two variables .
To see a show , but Miss Kate said '' No ,
'' All We Know '' is a song by American rock band Paramore . It was released on December 26 , 2006 in the United Kingdom , and February 26 , 2007 in the United States from their debut album , All We Know Is Falling .
Key exchange ( also known as '' key establishment '' ) is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users , allowing use of a cryptographic algorithm .
Aue-Schwarzenberg is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
In thermodynamics , a heat engine performs the conversion of heat energy to mechanical work by exploiting the temperature gradient between a hot '' source '' and a cold '' sink '' .
With her brother , Shu , she was the mother of Geb and Nut .
One of their number , Maurice Geoghegan , lived in nearby Silverstone village and was aware that the airfield was deserted .
He was then unanimously appointed secretary-general by the General Assembly on November 30 , 1962 , for a term of office ending on November 3 , 1966 .
Thumper is a fictional rabbit character from Disney 's animated movie Bambi . He appeared again in Bambi II .
Macon ( ) is a city located in central Georgia , USA .
English Heritage , a government organization in charge of managing the historic environment of England , describes it as '' the most important monument built by the Romans in Britain '' .
From that year on , the game has matched the best players in the Eastern Conference with the best players in the Western Conference .
He returned to England in 1606 and in early 1612 secured a post as one of James I 's lutenists .
The National Union of Teachers ( NUT ) is a trade union for school teachers in England and Wales , the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man .
Tammany Hall , a Democratic Party political machine , began to grow in influence with the support of many of the immigrant Irish , culminating in the election of the first Tammany mayor , Fernando Wood , in 1854 .
Towards the end of January 1938 , it was merged into the Henri Vuilleman Battalion of the XIV International Brigade .
Microplate Readers ( also known as Plate readers ) are laboratory instruments designed to detect biological , chemical or physical events of samples in microtiter plates .
Women 's versions of Hurling and football are also played , Camogie organised by the Camogie Association of Ireland and Ladies ' Gaelic football organised by the Ladies ' Gaelic Football Association .
In this new pilot , the captain was more '' jolly '' and , at the direction of FOX , they added '' larger than life '' charactersWhedon , Firefly : the complete series : '' Train Job '' commentary , track 7 such as the henchman '' Crow '' , and the '' hands of blue '' men , who also introduced an X-Files-type ending .
The Earth 's atmosphere is a layer of gases surrounding the planet Earth that is retained by Earth 's gravity .
The sea and its mostly uninhabited islands are subject to competing claims of sovereignty by several countries .
The engine was a leftover from one of Roth 's 1955 Chevrolets , having been removed to make way for a then-new given to him by General Motors .
Sagan went to the University of Chicago , where he received a bachelor 's degree (/O1955/O) and a master 's degree (/O1956/O) in physics .
All but three races have taken place as support races at Formula One race weekends to boost the series ' profile , to give drivers experience on the Grand Prix environment , and to take advantage of the infrastructure ( marshalls , medical facilities etc. ) in place for a Formula One event .
Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was assassinated in 1975 , enabling army chief Major general Ziaur Rahman to seize power .
He was often called '' Misha '' , a diminutive for Mikhail , and '' The magician from Riga '' for his daring combinational style .
Great secrecy is enjoined upon initiates ; full explanation of 1 , 2 , and 8 being reserved for those considered able to understand and preserve the gnosis .
Takahiro Kuniyoshi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
Creation Prior to the creation of the princely state , Kashmir was ruled by the Durrani Empire , until it was annexed by Sikhs led by Ranjit Singh .
However , the study of ticks and mites is sometimes not included in arachnology , but is called Acarology .
Often clueless and stumbling through any case he is given , Gadget frequently ignorantly makes foolish and insufferably clumsy mistakes pertaining to surroundings and current environment , mistaking innocent bystanders ( and sometimes Brain , his niece Penny 's dog ) for enemies , and believing that the real enemies are friends .
The Class 57 diesel locomotives were introduced by Brush Traction between 1997-2004 .
The Magic Flute ( , K. 620 ) is an opera in two acts composed in 1791 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to a German libretto by Emanuel Schikaneder .
However , during the exploration of the area by Robert McClure ( 1850 - 1854 ) the island was marked on their maps as '' Baring Island '' .
Corinne Enaudeau is a French philosopher .
Miamisburg ( mye-AM-ees-burg ) is a city in Montgomery County , Ohio , United States .
Birmingham City Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of Birmingham , England .
The Julian day or Julian day number ( JDN ) is the integer number of days that have elapsed since the initial epoch defined as noon Universal Time ( UT ) Monday , January 1 , 4713 BC in the Julian calendar This equals November 24 , 4714 BC in the proleptic Gregorian calendar .
Berson is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He attended the Corpus Christi School in Morningside Heights , public schools , and later attended Bronx Community College , Lehman College , and Manhattan Community College before matriculating into and studying writing at the City College of New York ( B.A. , 1975 ; M.A. in Creative Writing , 1976 ) .
He lives with his grandfather , Grim , and grandmother , Gram .
In 1912 he continued his musical education at the Leipzig Conservatory where he learnt to conduct by watching the eminent Hungarian conductor Arthur Nikisch .
( Michael Rogers ) Oldfield Thomas FRS ( February 21 , 1858 & ndash ; June 16 , 1929 ) was a British zoologist .
Jennie Garth & Derek Hough ( 4th Place in Season 5 )
Early life Richard Nixon was born on January 9 , 1913 , to Francis A. Nixon and Hannah Milhous Nixon in a house his father had built in Yorba Linda , California .
MotorStorm is a 2006 racing video game developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the Sony PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system .
In the early 20th century supplies of Red Cedar were dwindling so that pencil manufacturers were forced to recycle the wood from cedar fences and barns to maintain supply .
Other important Christian denominations include Roman Catholicism ( 4.7 % ) , Protestantism ( 3.7 % ) , Pentecostalism ( 1.5 % ) and the Romanian Greek-Catholic Church ( 0.9 % ) .
Having graduated she agreed , and they were married at Harvard University , where he attended liberal arts studies for two years .
Among them are the well-known deer mice , white-footed mice , packrats , and grasshopper mice .
Alternative rock ( also called alternative music , alt-rock or simply alternative ) is a genre of rock music that emerged in the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s .
In many mosques , even the carpeted prayer area has no designs , its plainness helping worshippers to focus .
Cara - Severin ( ; Serbian : , Kara Severin , ; , Bulgarian : - , Karash-Severin ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in historical region Banat , with the county seat at Re i a.
Xia , Jun. '' The Knowledgeable and Talented Ai Xin Jue Luo Yuhuan '' .
Between January 4 , 2006 and September 19 , 2006 , five DVD sets were released in the United States , each containing four episodes from the season .
Certain complex character combinations can only be accomplished in a double-byte language , giving rise to especially complex forms , sometimes known by their romanized Japanese name of kaomoji .
Someone from the IP address $ 1 requested that we send you a new login password for the English Wikipedia .
There are two golf courses in the town , Annanhill Golf Course and Caprington Golf Course , which has both an 18 hole course and a 9 hole course .
It can be used by people who speak any language .
The first flexible stainless steel , all-metal ice cube tray was created by Guy L. Tinkham in 1933 .
Clacton-on-Sea is located at the terminus of the A133 road which runs between Clacton and Colchester .
Janet Michelle '' Jan '' Kerouac ( February 16 , 1952 -- June 5 , 1996 ) was an American writer and the only child of beat generation author Jack Kerouac and Joan Haverty Kerouac .
TV Tokyo is currently the smallest of the major Tokyo TV networks , and is known for its specialization in anime .
He was the County Governor of Oslo and Akershus , Chairman of the Board of Energy , Minister of Industry , and Minister of Trade and Shipping .
Hong Kong 's Top Searches ( ) .
Sains-Richaumont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Hendrix and Clapton remained friends up until Hendrix 's death .
The passage of the storm caused several bayous in the Houston area to reach or exceed flood levels .
A year later , the club was renamed Everton F.C. after the local area , as people outside the parish wished to participate .
On 29 September 1918 the German Supreme Command informed Kaiser Wilhelm II and the Imperial Chancellor Count Georg von Hertling at army headquarters in Spa , Belgium that the military situation was hopeless .
Timi - Torontal County , a former county in the historic Kingdom of Romania
July 9 & ndash ; Battle of Sievershausen : Prince-elector Maurice of Saxony defeats the Catholic forces of Margrave Albert of Brandenburg-Kulmbach .
However , Stalin had enjoyed another Bulgakov 's play , The Days of the Turbins (/O1926/O) and found work for him at a small Moscow theater , and then the Moscow Art Theatre .
Four candidate cities were chosen for the shortlist on June 4 , 2008 : Chicago , Madrid , Rio de Janeiro , and Tokyo ( which hosted the 1964 Summer Olympics ) .
Snow White also makes an appearance in the popular PlayStation 2 game Kingdom Hearts as one of the seven fabled | Princesses of Heart .
The chronology of the Metroid fictional universe does not match the release order of the games .
RCR Enterprises , LLC , doing business as Richard Childress Racing , is a NASCAR team based in Welcome , North Carolina and is owned and operated by former driver now businessman Richard Childress .
The vessel in which he sailed was compelled by stress of weather to put in at Vega de Navia ( now A Veiga ) in Asturias , and there he died on November 27 , 1811 .
Read-only memory ( ROM ) is a class of storage media used in computers and other electronic devices .
Kirby : Squeak Squad , known in Europe as Kirby Mouse Attack and in Japan as , is a 2006-07 platforming video game developed by Flagship and Natsume ( The latter as seen in the end credits ) and published by Nintendo and HAL Laboratory for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
Players can hire a merchant using dark matter to trade one resource type for another .
Kathie Lee Gifford ( born August 16 , 1953 ) is an American television host , singer , songwriter and actress , best known for her 15-year run ( 1985 -- 2000 ) on the talk show Live with Regis and Kathie Lee , which she co-hosted with Regis Philbin .
Many drivers disliked having the automatic transmission selector as pushbuttons mounted on the steering wheel hub : this was the traditional location of the horn , and drivers ended up shifting gears instead of honking the horn .
Cubs vocalise through plaintive whines .
Winters are severe and lengthy , and the lowest recorded temperature was in January 1931 .
Dewey Rowell ( Flattus Maximus ) , Michael Bishop ( Beefcake the Mighty ) and Rob Mosby ( Nippleus Erectus ) was recruited in 1987 along with Steve Douglas ( Balsac the Jaws of Death ) who rejoined the band after having left early in its history .
After experimenting with several techniques he hit upon filtering the rum through charcoal , which removed impurities .
The benefit to using a constant height mode is that it is faster , as the piezoelectric movements require more time to register the change in constant current mode than the voltage response in constant height mode .
A bad-tempered , unsympathetic woman who embodies all the foibles demonstrated in Fanny and Robert 's characteristics .
It is a region of rich lowlands and foothills .
Its instrumentation is typically modern and may be with or without traditional Chinese musical instruments .
Goodman learned quickly , becoming a strong player at an early age : he was soon playing professionally in various bands .
Often considered a cautionary tale on unconsidered biological tinkering in the same spirit as Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein , it uses the mathematical concept of chaos theory and its philosophical implications to explain the collapse of an amusement park showcasing genetically recreated dinosaurs .
Since its release , the show has received nationwide critical acclaim from the American media , Battlestar Galactica has been honored with numerous awards and award nominations in its four-season run .
He attended Westminster School before joining the British East India Company in 1750 as a clerk .
She became a naturalized United States citizen in 1994 and also received Hungarian citizenship in June 2007 .
Boudry is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in central-eastern Burkina Faso .
The licence is issued by the FIA upon request .
The town 's major football club is Airdrie United , who play in the Second Division of the Scottish Football League , and are based at the Excelsior Stadium .
In 1770 , at the age of 16 , he joined HMS Hunter as an able seaman , the term being used only because there was no vacancy for a midshipman .
In August 2002 , after months of recording Justified , his debut solo album , Timberlake performed at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards , where he premiered his first single , '' Like I Love You , '' a sparse dance track produced by The Neptunes .
Garber is a city in Clayton County , Iowa , United States .
Jacques Joseph Charles Villeneuve , OQ ( ) ( born April 9 , 1971 ) , is a Canadian automobile racing driver .
Even though Ella has released several albums -- '' Original '' the debut album , '' Ellacadabra '' that was released in late 2005 , '' Abnormal '' in 2006 and the recent EP '' Stages '' in 2008 -- she did not leave a deep impression as a singer .
Waves of about 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) and rip currents were reported along the west coast of Florida .
Previously , he was trained by former 3-division world champion , Jeff Fenech in Sydney , Australia .
'' Love Like This '' is a pop\/R & B song performed by Natasha Bedingfield featuring Sean Kingston .
By this time , Hughes ' earlier work had already been published in magazines and was about to be collected into his first book of poetry .
The lentil ( Lens culinaris ) ( International Feed Number , 5-02-506 ) is a type of pulse . It is a bushy annual plant of the legume family , grown for its lens-shaped seeds .
Badmotorfinger is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden , released on October 8 , 1991 through A&M Records .
His famous pupils include World Champions Anatoly Karpov , Garry Kasparov and Vladimir Kramnik .
June 22 & ndash ; Louis Daguerre receives a patent for his camera ( commercially available by September at the price of 400 francs ) .
The game is a follow up to the Donkey Kong Country trilogy on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System .
Modern American football has its origins in various games , all known as '' football '' , played at public schools in England in the mid-19th century .
Saint-Jean-de-Thurigneux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In 1987 both stations were acquired by the Commonwealth and incorporated in Kakadu National Park .
Failure to repay such debts often resulted in imprisonment in debtor 's prisons or the claiming of property by the government .
However , mania is most often associated with bipolar disorder , where episodes of mania may alternate with episodes of major depression .
For others it refers to the churches of the first millennium , including , besides the Roman Catholic Church , the Eastern Orthodox Church , the Oriental Orthodox Church , and the Assyrian Church of the East .
It peaked at number eleven , making it her first top twenty in the region .
Around 1280 , Giotto followed Cimabue to Rome , where there was a school of fresco painters , of whom the most famous was Pietro Cavallini .
The Godfather is released in cinemas in the United States .
Kenneth Harry '' Ken '' Clarke QC MP ( born 2 July 1940 ) is a British politician .
Section 68 states that the Command in chief of Australia 's naval and military forces as being : '' The command in chief of the naval and military forces of the Commonwealth is vested in the Governor General as the Queen 's representative '' .
The discography of Oasis , an English rock band , consists of seven studio albums , one live album , three compilation albums , two box sets , two extended plays ( EPs ) , five video albums and thirty-one singles .
Sara Cox ( born 13 December 1974 ) , born Sarah Joanne Cox , affectionately known as '' Coxy '' , is a British TV presenter and radio DJ .
Due to the threat of the cyclone , Louisiana governor Kathleen Blanco declared a state of emergency and placed the state 's National Guard and other disaster services on reserve .
Joe Louis Arena , nicknamed The Joe and JLA is a hockey arena located at 600 Civic Center Drive in Detroit , Michigan .
He was born Johann Ludwig von Krosigk in Rathmannsdorf , Anhalt , Germany to a father from an old noble family of Anhalt and a mother who was a daughter of a Count ( Graf ) von Schwerin .
Antonin Artaud plays the part of Tiresias .
Aubrey Brain ( 12 July 1893 -- 21 September 1955 ) was a British horn player .
Aside from wrestling , he is a 1996 Olympian , and winner of the 2002 Arnold Strongman Classic .
Angelo Di Livio ( born July 26 , 1966 in Rome ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Iago , Othello 's ensign and Emilia 's husband , a villain .
OpenOffice.org Base ( '' Base '' for short ) , a database module , initially appeared with OpenOffice.org version 2.0 .
It was one of the earliest operating systems to be built on top of the Linux kernel and is the oldest currently being maintained .
The term '' nation-state '' implies that the two geographically coincide , and this distinguishes the nation state from the other types of state , which historically preceded it .
In science , thermodynamics ( from the Greek therme , meaning '' heat '' Oxford American Dictionary and , dynamis , meaning force ) is the study of energy conversion between heat and mechanical work , and subsequently the macroscopic variables such as temperature , volume and pressure .
This article concentrates on the history and development of punts and punting in England , for other usages see Norfolk punt and the general disambiguation pages at punt and punter .
Eutychianism holds that the human and divine natures of Christ were fused into one new single ( mono ) nature : His human nature was '' dissolved like a drop of honey in the sea '' .
Interstate 71 ( I-71 ) is an Interstate Highway in the Great Lakes\/Midwestern and Southeastern region of the United States .
Whedon , Serenity : Director 's Commentary , track 17 '' Fighting for Belief '' The Operative embodies the Alliance and is , as Whedon described , the '' perfect product of what 's wrong with the Alliance '' .
His Dark Materials is a trilogy of fantasy novels by Philip Pullman comprising Northern Lights ( 1995 , published as The Golden Compass in North America ) , The Subtle Knife (/O1997/O) , and The Amber Spyglass (/O2000/O) .
VDSL is deployed over existing wiring used for POTS ( Plain Old Telephone Service ) and lower-speed DSL connections .
Grefrath is a municipality in the district of Viersen , in the western part of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Noah 's Ark ( , Tavat No'ach ; , N h Fulk n ) is the vessel which , according to the Book of Genesis ( chapters 6-9 ) and the Quran ( surah hud ) , was built by Noah at God 's command to save himself , his family , and the world 's animals from a worldwide deluge .
The False gharial ( Tomistoma schlegelii ) , also known as the Malayan gharial , false gavial , or Tomistoma is a freshwater crocodile of the Crocodylidae family with a very thin and elongated snout .
Medicamina Faciei Femineae ( '' Women 's Facial Cosmetics '' ) , The Art of Beauty , 100 lines survive ; 5 BC .
Wiesbaden is one of the oldest spa towns in Europe .
James ( Jim ) Yuille McLean ( born April 21 , 1937 in Larkhall ) is a Scottish former football player and manager .
There is no process for receiving these awards ; you just judge for yourself which one you are eligible for and place the badge on your user page .
Seward is a city in Kenai Peninsula Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Retrieved 14 August 2007 .
Oxford at the Clarendon Press .
The Japanese era corresponding to the years 645-649 was thus named Taika , referring to the Reform , and meaning '' great change . ''
She was originally intended to operate with Star Cruises under the name SuperStar Scorpio , but it was decided that she would be delivered to Star 's subsidiary , Norwegian Cruise Line as Norwegian Dawn .
Along with the rest of the city 's Olmsted-designed park system , Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
Robert da Silva Almeida , best known as Robert ( born 3 April 1971 ) is a Brazilian football player .
Priay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A voluntary association or union ( also sometimes called a voluntary organization , unincorporated association , or just an association ) is a group of individuals who enter into an agreement as volunteers to form a body ( or organization ) to accomplish a purpose .
If it were motorable , it would be the highest motorable pass in India , but reports suggest that there are probably higher motorable passes in Tibet .
Around this time , Chaucer is believed to have written The Book of the Duchess in honour of Blanche of Lancaster , the late wife of John of Gaunt , who died in 1369 .
Fitzgerald recorded several hit songs with them , including '' Love and Kisses '' and '' ( If You Ca n't Sing It ) You 'll Have to Swing It ( Mr. Paganini ) '' .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
In an interview in the February 1974 issue of '' Michigan Alumnus , '' Wistert said of Ford : '' He was a real good competitor - a real bulldog type .
and Bradley would reappear on later albums Nymphetamine , Thornography , and Godspeed on the Devil 's Thunder .
His father , Alexander Ireland , a publisher and newspaper proprietor , was aged 70 at John 's birth .
A third such procedure to prohibit the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany ( NPD ) failed in 2003 after the court discovered that many of the party officials were in fact controlled by the German secret services that had injected its agents for the sake of surveillance .
It is available for Windows , Mac OS X , Linux and BSD .
That exposure , together with appearances on The Gong Show , HBO 's On Location and NBC 's Saturday Night Live ( SNL ) ( on which , despite a common misconception , he was never a cast member ) led to his first of four comedy albums , Let 's Get Small .
The dam has bad cracks , and the buildings collapsed .
There are two types of food poisoning : infectious agent and toxic agent .
Much of the island is covered in pine forests , which is the source of the island 's large lumber industry .
For two days , ships of the Royal Navy at Invergordon were in open mutiny , in one of the few military strikes in British history .
He 's full of advice for his roommates , even though he might not always know what he 's talking about .
Maluku is one of the first provinces of Indonesia , proclaimed in 1945 until 1999 , when the Maluku Utara and Halmahera Tengah Regencies were split off as a separate province of North Maluku .
The district-free city Cottbus is completely surrounded by the district .
The violence resulted in the killing of 20,000 pg 78 - On October 2 , 1937 , Trujillo had ordered 20,000 Haitian cane workers executed because they could not roll the '' R '' in perejil the Spanish word for parsley .
Lubbock was the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms , near Downe .
He was educated by a private tutor in Basingstoke before going to Oriel College , Oxford .
Charles Grey , 2nd Earl Grey , KG , PC ( 13 March 1764 -- 17 July 1845 ) , known as Viscount Howick between 1806 and 1807 , was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 22 November 1830 to 16 July 1834 .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad It is located in the north of the district ( to the north west of Abbottabad city ) near the border with Mansehra District .
The main economic activity in Fareham is now retail , employing 15 % of the local population . Fareham has also become a popular choice for the location of business call centres ; several of the UK 's major banks have offices in Fareham and Adecco , the recruitment agency , claims Fareham as the second best call center location in the UK .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the county population was 2,387,170 in 2007 , making it the most populous county in Florida and the eighth-most populous county in the United States .
Vélu is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Presentation of data on a logarithmic scale can be helpful when the data covers a large range of values & ndash ; the logarithm reduces this to a more manageable range .
Asian Dust ( also yellow dust , yellow sand , yellow wind or China dust storms ) is a seasonal meteorological phenomenon which affects much of East Asia sporadically during the springtime months .
To enable incubation the egg is usually kept within a favourable temperature range as it nourishes and protects the growing embryo .
The decay energy is initially released as the energy of emitted photons plus the kinetic energy of massive emitted particles ( that is , particles that have rest mass ) . If these particles come to thermal equilibrium with their surroundings and photons are absorbed , then the decay energy is transformed to thermal energy , which retains its mass/O.
Hartennes-et-Taux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
As per the tradition , the first son Senapathi took the titles of Mandradiar in the year 1731 and continued to control the lands from Palayakottai .
It offers a carefully limited and standardized subset of English .
He was often called '' Misha '' , a diminutive for Mikhail , and '' The magician from Riga '' for his daring combinational style .
Jean-Jacques de Morgan ( 1857 , Huisseau-sur-Cosson , Loir-et-Cher - 1924 ) The Experience of Ancient Egypt - Page 137 by Ann Rosalie David was a French mining engineer Satellite Images and Near Eastern Landscapes , by Nicholas Kouchoukos p. 80 , geologist , and archaeologist .
The Perito Moreno Glacier is a glacier located in the Los Glaciares National Park in the south west of Santa Cruz province , Argentina .
Tropical Depression Five formed in the central tropical Atlantic the evening of July 10 .
This led to concerns about the possible state of the course by the time the tournament proper was due to start on September 22 , leading to the possibility of further interruptions and possible changing of the normal rules .
From the 7th to the 9th century , three dynasties contested for control of northern India : the Pratiharas of Malwa , the Palas of Bengal and the Rashtrakutas of Deccan .
Kota Kinabalu currently has four sister cities .
However , his artistic career was interrupted in 1870 when he joined the army to serve in the Franco-Prussian War .
Clemens won seven Cy Young Awards , two more than any other pitcher .
The Heard Island and McDonald Islands ( abbreviated as HIMI ) are an Australian external territory and volcanic group of barren Antarctic islands , about two-thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica .
Deryck Jason Whibley ( born March 21 , 1980 ) is a Canadian musician and producer , best known for his work as the guitarist , lead vocalist , songwriter and producer of the Juno Award-winning rock band Sum 41 .
While undisputed boundaries do not exist , human biology is typically distinguished from conventional medical research by an enhanced focus on international , population-level perspectives on health , and on human evolution , adaptation , and population genetics rather than individual diagnosis .
The state borders South Carolina and Georgia to the south , Tennessee to the west and Virginia to the north .
February 3 -- A chartered plane transporting musicians Buddy Holly , Ritchie Valens , Roger Peterson and The Big Bopper goes down in foggy conditions near Clear Lake , Iowa , killing all 4 occupants on board , including pilot Roger Peterson .
Gulf of Sidra incident (/O1989/O) At the time , a U.S. Navy logistics aircraft from HC-4 was on the ground at the NATO base , preparing for takeoff .
The series was developed and co-produced by Turner Program Services along with the partnership of DiC Entertainment and ran new episodes from September 15 , 1990 until December 5 , 1992 .
The ilama ( also known as the tree of the ilama , Latin Annona diversifolia ) is a tropical fruit tree found in Central America .
On 17 November 2006 the U.S. Air Force announced it would develop the X-37B from the NASA X-37A .
Ironically , Aang is the only Air Nomad to survive the attack .
There are three types of restaurants in Bangui .
Although most kinds of shellfish are harvested from saltwater environments , some kinds are found only in freshwater .
The conference paper described carbon nanotubes as carbon fibers which were produced on carbon anodes during arc discharge .
Dartmouth College was established in 1769 by Congregational minister Eleazar Wheelock .
Accommodation ( eye ) , the process by which the eye increases optical power to maintain a clear image ( focus ) on an object as it draws near
That said , Alice was not particularly enamored with FDR either ; she described Franklin as '' two-thirds mush and one-third Eleanor '' .
They got into the bank and held up the manager , Scott , and his two tellers .
December July 17 Bloody Falls Massacre : Chipewyan chief Matonabbee , traveling as the guide to Samuel Hearne on his Arctic overland journey , massacres a group of unsuspecting Inuit .
Suhoor ( ) , also called Sehri , Sahari and Sahur in other languages , is an Islamic term referring to the meal consumed early in the morning by Muslims before fasting , sawm , in daylight hours during the Islamic month of Ramadan .
As of 2000 , the population was 11,667 .
Late nineteenth-century finds of funerary urns show that the human presence in the area dates back at least to the Bronze Age , when people would have lived in settlements of pile dwellings raised above the rivers and marshes .
NY 308 then travels west of Sepasco Lake before turning on an eastward route once again .
In 1944 , as Britain was nearing its sixth year in World War II , and 38-year-old Vera , who was widowed the previous year , still holding the title of women 's world champion , her two sisters and their mother were killed in a V-1 rocket bombing raid which destroyed their home at 47 Gauden Road in the Clapham area of South London .
However , although Calc fully supports the conditional formatting of Excel 97-2003 , it neither supports the changes implemented from the 2007 version of Microsoft 's software , nor the '' data bars '' that can be associated to specific cells .
She tells Neo that he has '' the gift '' of manipulating the Matrix , but that he is waiting for something , possibly his next life .
Yochanan Vollach ( , sometimes spelled Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach , born May 14 , 1945 ) is a former Israeli footballer .
In basketball , tube socks are worn , and in lacrosse , mid-calf socks are required . In football , knee socks are used .
Ratification by the states of the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution is completed , creating the United States Bill of Rights .
The 1998 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XVIII Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1998 in Nagano , Japan .
Ask.com ( or Ask Jeeves in the United Kingdom ) is a search engine started in 1996 by Garrett Gruener and David Warthen in Berkeley , California .
Garcelles-Secqueville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It was called Lake Rezaiyeh in the early 1930s after Reza Shah Pahlavi , but the lake was renamed ` Urmia ' in the late 1970s .
From its creation in 1972 until 1986 , NJPW was a member of the National Wrestling Alliance .
Opium contains up to 12 % morphine , an opiate alkaloid , which is most frequently processed chemically to produce heroin for the illegal drug trade .
The Great Famine of 1315-1317 ends .
In October 1949 , the Communists founded the People 's Republic of China .
Construction of the present building began in the 10th century and was largely complete at the time of its dedication in 1239 .
As captain , he led them to three League titles in four seasons , plus two Scottish League Cups .
Each ant follows the ant in front of it , and this will work until something goes wrong and an ant mill forms .
Conservative and Reform Judaism are more liberal , with Conservative Judaism generally promoting a more '' traditional '' interpretation of Judaism 's requirements than Reform Judaism .
Bridge to Terabithia was released theatrically in the U.S. and Canada on February 16 , 2007 .
date unknown
Gondogoro Pass is the highest ( 19,500 ft ) mountain pass on the Gondogoro Glacier near Vigne Glacier .
While Japan seems to have had the most extensive tradition , there is evidence of independent paperfolding traditions in China , Germany , and Spain , among other places .
Prescott 's studies initially remained broad , but he started preparing material on Ferdinand and Isabella in January 1826 .
Incesticide is a compilation album by the American grunge band Nirvana .
He then released a cover version of Leo Sayer 's '' When I Need You '' as a single , which reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart , as well as a follow-up single called '' No Matter What I Do '' , which reached number 23 .
Highwood is located at .
Throughout her career , she won the WWE Women 's Championship four times .
She rose to fame in teenage popular culture in her roles in the Fox series Party of Five , as Sarah Reeves , and films I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel , as Julie James .
In web forums , instant messengers and online games , text emoticons are often automatically replaced with small corresponding images , which came to be called '' Emoticons . ''
Consequently , it was announced on October 31 that Dushku had lured Joss Whedon , famous for creating the Buffy The Vampire Slayer and Firefly series , back to TV , as they agreed to create a new show called Dollhouse .
In The Gentleman 's Magazine he created the first general-interest '' magazine '' in the modern sense .
It is directly elected at least once in every five years under the system of proportional representation by means of the single transferable vote ( STV ) .
Firefighting and firefighters have become ubiquitous around the world , wildland areas to urban areas , and on board ships .
The CAF Champions League is an annual international club football competition run by the Confederation of African Football ( CAF ) . The top club sides from Africa 's football leagues are invited to participate in this competition , which is the premier club football competition on the continent and the equivalent to the UEFA Champions League .
Osaka is the third largest city by population after TokyoTokyo as special wards .
He originally wished to reform the Habsburg monarchy into a democratic federal state , but during the First World War he began to favor the abolition of the monarchy and , with the help of the Allied Powers , eventually succeeded .
The population was 510 at the 2000 census .
Scene 3 ( March and Lullaby ) : A military parade passes by outside Marie 's room .
Its name at its founding is St. John 's College .
Bo ` ness F.C. were a Scottish football club based at Newtown Park in Bo ` ness .
Celebration of life A ceremony may mark a rite of passage in a human career , marking the significance of ( for example ) : birth initiation puberty social adulthood graduation marriage retirement death burial Spiritual Government ceremonies Sometimes , a ceremony may only be performed by a person with certain authority .
Its international office is in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
Corbon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The Asian Games , officially known as Asiad , is a multi-sport event held every four years among athletes from all over the Asia .
Gary Paul O'Neil ( born 18 May 1983 in Bromley , England ) is an English footballer , currently playing for West Ham United in the Premier League .
is a rock band from Japan .
Francesco Saverio Merlino ( born September 9 , 1856 in Naples ; deceased June 30 , 1930 in Rome ) was an Italian lawyer , anarchist activist and theorist of libertarian socialism .
His father was Terah , and his brothers were Nahor and Haran .
However , the name field hockey is used in countries where the word hockey is usually reserved for another form of hockey , such as ice hockey or street hockey .
EJB QL or EJB-QL is a portable database query language for Enterprise Java Beans that can run on any database .
It blooms from April through June , and favors moist , sandy or rocky soil .
Edgar Cayce ( March 18 , 1877 -- January 3 , 1945 ) ( ) was an American who claimed to be a psychic with the ability to channel answers to questions on subjects such as health or Atlantis while in a self-induced trance .
The division existed for 19 seasons until 1993 . It was named in honor of Conn Smythe .
Adams won three consecutive Emmy Awards for his portrayal of Smart ( 1967 -- 1969 ) .
Advice , in constitutional law , is formal , usually binding , instruction given by one constitutional officer of state to another .
Cindy chose to keep the car , a decision which upset Rafe in particular .
American Civil War scholar Garry Wills addresses the parallels of Pericles ' funeral oration to Abraham Lincoln 's famous speech the Gettysburg Address .
Human sacrifice has been practiced on a number of different occasions and in many different cultures .
JGF is led by Tipu Biswas .
The Celtic League is a political and cultural organisation in the modern Celtic nations of Ireland , Scotland , Wales , Brittany , Cornwall and the Isle of Man .
Mark also said that he will race in the 2010 Tour of Flanders but said he wo n't win it , stating that the Tour of Flanders requires training , but he sees himself winning it in the future .
Dirham or dirhem ( ) is a unit of currency in several Arab nations , and formerly the related unit of mass ( the Ottoman dram ) in the Ottoman Empire and Persian states .
Tropical cyclone formation is rare within the Mediterranean sea , South Atlantic and to the east of 120W in the Southern Pacific , as a result there are no official naming lists for these areas although in 2004 , 2010 & 2011 when tropical cyclones formed within the South Atlantic they were named as Catarina , Anita and Arani .
Edguy was founded in 1992 by 14-year-old students Tobias Sammet , Jens Ludwig , Dirk Sauer , and Dominik Storch .
Charles Watson-Wentworth , 2nd Marquess of Rockingham , KG , PC ( 13 May 1730 -- 1 July 1782 ) , styled The Hon .
You would not have submitted yourself , or accepted a nomination , to be an administrator if you hated the place .
He is currently signed with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , but is inactive due to an injury .
Where Sleeplessness Is Rest From Nightmares is the debut album from Chicago Metalcore band Arma Angelus .
Y suke Tanaka ( , born February 3 , 1986 in Yame , Fukuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J. League team Avispa Fukuoka .
A special endurance version , the DFL , was then developed in two versions : one with 3298 c and the other with 3955 c. Whilst the former version soon became known for its reliability , the latter version was a step too far and is largely remembered as a failure .
The Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) was founded in 1964 and is an umbrella organization for groups that represent the Palestinian people diplomatically and engage in political violence .
Web colors have an unambiguous colorimetric definition , sRGB , which relates the chromaticities of a particular phosphor set , a given transfer curve , adaptive whitepoint , and viewing conditions .
The seismicity or seismic activity of an area refers to the frequency , type and size of earthquakes experienced over a period of time .
Her father , Sir Leslie Stephen , was a notable author , critic and mountaineer .
People may choose to wear sandals for several reasons , among them economy ( sandals tend to require less material than shoes ) , comfort in warm weather , and as a fashion choice .
She has written more than 30 books for all ages , and has won many awards , including the Children 's Book Council Of Australia Book of the Year Award three times , the Victorian Premier 's Literary Award , the Aurealis Award for Science Fiction , the IBBY Australia Ena Noel Encouragement Award , and the Davitt Award for Crime Fiction .
See his entry at Grove 's Dictionary of Music and Musicians , 5th ed , 1954 , vol .
Notable winners of the Foot in Mouth Award include George W Bush , Gordon Brown , Richard Gere , and Donald Rumsfeld .
The '' 25/48/53 formula '' referred to the three articles of the Constitution that could make a '' Presidential government '' possible : Article 25 allowed the President to dissolve the Reichstag .
Extensive coastal flooding occurred along the coast of the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern U.S. , with effects as far north as Newfoundland and as far south as Jamaica .
The KCA 's also host live entertainment .
'' Hell Ai n't a Bad Place to Be '' -- 4:15
A small mainland colony exists in the protected area Two Peoples Bay , where they co-exist with Gilbert 's Potoroo .
Canada has very little dialect diversity compared to the United States .
Teams are allowed to field a team of all local players if wish to do so .
In November 1991 , Simo Brdar , a former associate director of the Memorial , stole the documentation from the museum and brought it to Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Leo III ( or the Greek form Leon III ) may refer to : Leo III the Isaurian ( c. 680 ) , Byzantine emperor ( 717 -- June 18 , 741 ) .
is a Brazilian footballer and dead-ball specialist , currently playing as a midfielder for Qatar club Al-Gharafa .
Latitude and longitude may be specified ( with appropriate precision ) either in decimal notation or as degrees\/minutes\/seconds .
Dog power has been utilized for hunting and travel for hundreds of years .
Marigny-en-Orxois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
He has played for the Japan national team .
Student figures from the 2006 -- 2007 Cambridge Reporter Trinity considers itself to be '' a world-leading academic institution with an outstanding record of education , learning and research '' .
The city had 58,544 inhabitants in 2005 out of a municipal that in 2008 had total of 83,994 inhabitants .
Several passengers and crew members made telephone calls aboard the flight and learned about the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
Digitel is in turn owned by the JG Summit Group with a minority stake held by the TeliaSonera Group .
Catherine was born in Brisbane , Queensland .
However fuel-injected two-strokes achieve better engine lubrication , also cooling and reliability should improve considerably .
The History of the Peloponnesian War is an account of the Peloponnesian War in Ancient Greece , fought between the Peloponnesian League ( led by Sparta ) and the Delian League ( led by Athens ) .
One of Chrome 's differentiating features is the New Tab Page , which can replace the browser home page and is displayed when a new tab is created .
She co-founded the Student Homophile League and participated in the Stonewall riots in New York City .
Solothurn ( German : ) is a canton of Switzerland .
UK Research Councils , government agencies responsible for an area of research in the United Kingdom
After the festival , the band described the concert as '' the best gig of our lives '' .
The outer cloud is only weakly bound to the Sun and supplies the long-period ( and possibly Halley-type ) comets to inside the orbit of Neptune .
Cussac-Fort-M édoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Other tree lines The immediate environment is too extreme for trees to grow .
In February 2005 , THQ expressed a desire to see the game released toward the end of its 2006 fiscal year ( March 31 , 2006 ) but maintained that no release date had been set .
Cryptanalysis , the best published cryptanalysis on the Twofish block cipher is a truncated differential cryptanalysis of the full 16-round version .
The DudeJungle Jim
Erasmus , however , translated pithos into the Latin word pyxis , meaning '' box '' .
When the show started airing on MTV in late 2000 , it was broadcast live from WWF New York .
There are eight playable tracks in the game with a further four are available to purchase as downloadable content through the PlayStation Store .
San Ignacio de Sabaneta is the capital and a municipality of Santiago Rodriguez in the northwestern part of the Dominican Republic .
There are 39 comuni in the province [ ] .
New Avon , New Brunswick , in the province of New Brunswick
The masses of the gluteus maximus muscle are separated by an intermediate intergluteal cleft or '' crack '' in which the anus is situated .
Bavincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Despite the fact that Beth Groundwater won the Princess of Rejection prize from the Sisters in Crime Guppies Chapter for having the second most rejections for her writings in the winter of 2005 , A Real Basket Case was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
For each EU member country , a hierarchy of three NUTS levels is established by Eurostat ; the subdivisions in some levels do not necessarily correspond to administrative divisions within the country .
Making use of aniline dyes he was able to find a structure which strongly absorbed basophilic dyes , which he named chromatin .
The first person to use the word '' geography '' was Eratosthenes ( 276-194 BC ) .
In standing with requirements of all new rolling stock for the South East region , provision has been made for future conversion to 25 kV AC overhead supply or dual voltage although , at present , no trains have been fitted with a pantograph .
When John William died a year later , his older son , Frederick William I received Altenburg , Gotha and Meiningen with using the title of Duke of Saxe-Altenburg , and with his several sons founding the first Saxe-Altenburg line , while Saxe-Weimar went to the younger son John II .
Frightened that he might not come back alive , Norma Jeane begged him to try and get her pregnant before he left .
Research in these fields have influenced anthropologists working in other countries to different degrees .
In some countries , such as the United States , hate speech laws have been held to be incompatible with free speech .
The new team took as its primary colors the blue of the Dodgers and the orange of the Giants .
By purpose Sentences can also be classified based on their purpose : A declarative sentence or declaration , the most common type , commonly makes a statement : I am going home .
Gardiner portrayed Salisbury as guilty of nothing more than opportunism .
Young Cherrypickers are a Rugby League team playing in the Group 9 competition Young Saints are an Australian Football League team playing in the Central West AFL competition .
Linnaeus ' scientific research took science on a path that diverged from what had been taught by religious authorities .
Dawson 's Creek was an American primetime television drama which initially aired from January 20 , 1998 , to May 14 , 2003 , on The WB Television Network .
Articles and events specifically relating to the 18th century , which included the years 1701 to 1800 ( not 1700 to 1799 as is often erroneously claimed ) .
Carnival of Carnage is the debut album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on October 18 , 1992 , by Psychopathic Records .
The main conjecture of Iwasawa theory was formulated as an assertion that two methods of defining p-adic L-functions ( by module theory , by interpolation ) should coincide , as far as that was well-defined .
The name of this genus is derived from the Greek words kallos ( beautiful ) and stoma ( mouth ) , referring to the pearly aperture of the shell .
Homer Zuckerman is Fern 's uncle who keeps Wilbur in his barn .
Multiplying by 5 To multiply a number by 5 , 1 .
Ryan Miguel Guno Babel ( born 19 December 1986 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for Liverpool .
The usual bitstream encoding is the Pulse Code Modulation ( PCM ) format .
Fallout 3 is an action role-playing game released by Bethesda Game Studios , and is the third major installment in the Fallout series .
Simon Magus offers the disciples of Jesus , Peter and John payment so that anyone on whom he would place his hands would receive the power of the Holy Spirit .
Training has specific goals of improving one 's capability , capacity , and performance .
Helium burning ( fusion of helium nuclei ) soon forms an inert core of carbon and oxygen , with both a helium-burning shell and a hydrogen-burning shell surrounding it .
This included the original DVD release of the concert plus five previously unreleased songs : '' Hard Luck Woman '' ( with Paul Stanley on vocals ) , '' Heaven 's on Fire '' , '' Spit '' , '' C'mon and Love Me '' and the infamous country version of '' God of Thunder '' .
Sultan Mehmed II of the Ottoman Empire is forced to abdicate in favor of his father Murad II by the Janissaries .
Its capital and largest city is Novi Sad , at over 300,000 people , while its second largest city is Subotica .
HEADING Brazil 's climates
The American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) is an American television network .
Sir John '' Black Jack '' McEwen , GCMG , CH ( 29 March 1900 - 20 November 1980 ) , was an Australian politician and the 18th Prime Minister of Australia .
This article is about the year .
The band consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Alexander Gaskarth , lead guitarist and backing vocalist Jack Barakat , bassist and back vocalist Zachary Merrick , and drummer Rian Dawson .
The promotion , in its current form , was started by Steve Keirn in 2007 to be WWE 's second developmental territory when they ended their relationship with the Georgia-based Deep South Wrestling in early 2007 .
The book presents the author 's composite account of what it is like to die .
Rollancourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
or oh !
In this way , Chadwick prepared the way towards the fission of uranium 235 .
Captain Vasily Grigorevich Zaytsev ( or Zaitsev or '' Vasilii Zaytsev '' ) ( , ) ( March 23 , 1915 -- December 15 , 1991 ) was a Soviet sniper during World War II , notable particularly for his activities between November 10 and December 17 , 1942 during the Battle of Stalingrad .
Each pixel has its own address .
Earl Grey tea is a tea blend with a distinctive flavor and aroma derived from the addition of oil extracted from the rind of the bergamot orange , a fragrant citrus fruit .
Six million Transits have been produced since 1953 across three basic platforms with several '' facelift '' versions of each .
James Callis -- Dr. Gaius Baltar
Her two older siblings are Violet and Klaus Baudelaire .
Rocklouder link
July 10 & ndash ; King James III of Scotland ( d. 1488 )
The Canons of Dort , or Canons of Dordrecht , formally titled The Decision of the Synod of Dort on the Five Main Points of Doctrine in Dispute in the Netherlands , is the judgment of the National Synod held in the Dutch city of Dordrecht in 1618 - 19 .
Founded in 1654 , Kharkiv became the first city in Ukraine where the Soviet power was proclaimed and Soviet government was formed .
There are two types of flagellated zoospores , tinsel or '' decorated '' , and whiplash .
Shigenori Hagimura ( born July 31 , 1976 in Mie ) is a retired Japanese footballer .
Composers of the Franco-Flemish or Dutch School who were active between about 1430 and 1600 .
The Franco-Prussian War began in 1870 , and as a result , Sisley 's father 's business failed .
The Sukhothai kingdom is founded in Thailand .
It is the second-smallest of the claims which were made prior to the implementation of the Antarctic Treaty System and the suspension of all territorial claims to Antarctica proper .
This interdisciplinary field encompasses the search for habitable environments in our Solar System and habitable planets outside our Solar System , the search for evidence of prebiotic chemistry , laboratory and field research into the origins and early evolution of life on Earth , and studies of the potential for life to adapt to challenges on Earth and in outer space .
Many European countries have examples of astronomical clocks .
The 1980 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1980 , and lasted until November 30 , 1980 .
It completed 34 weeks in Naz Cinema and 76 weeks in other cinemas in Karachi and became Pakistan 's first Platinum Jubilee film .
The literature shows that many of the cultural practices that are considered peculiarly Tamil date back to the classical period .
She attended Rockland County Day School for elementary school in New York and then Tenafly High School .
Odyssey Number Five won '' Album of the Year '' , '' Highest Selling Album '' , '' Best Rock Album '' , '' Best Cover Art '' , and '' Best Group '' at the ARIA Awards in 2001 .
Structure There are two such ducts , connecting the left and right epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in order to move sperm .
Steinbeck achieved his first critical success with the novel Tortilla Flat ( 1935 ) , which won the California Commonwealth Club 's Gold Medal .
Headlines - Information School | University of Washington She also has a residential hall at the University of California , Berkeley , named after her .
The wife of the Vice President of the United States is sometimes referred to as the Second Lady of the United States , but this title is much less common .
Normal film runs at 24 frames per second ( frame/s ) .
Types There are 36 metropolitan districts , 32 London boroughs , 238 non-metropolitan districts , 46 unitary authorities , the Isles of Scilly , and the City of London , making a total of 354 district-level authorities .
Kenjiro Ezoe is a Japanese footballer .
The Crurotarsi were the other important archosaur clade , and during the Late Triassic these also reached the height of their diversity , with various groups including the phytosaurs , aetosaurs , several distinct lineages of Rauisuchia , and the first crocodylians ( the Sphenosuchia ) .
Carl Philipp Gottlieb von Clausewitz ( ; July 1 , 1780Bassford , Christopher .
It also appears in the ABC television series ' Queen Kat , Carmel & St Jude , Something in the Air and Halifax f.p. .
Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna was born on 6 April 1875 at Anichkov Palace in St. Petersburg .
Dusk ... and Her Embrace followed the same year : a critically acclaimed breakthrough album that greatly expanded the band 's fan-base throughout Europe and the rest of the world .
While the tenth largest U.S. state by area , Wyoming is the least populous , with a U.S. Census estimated population of 544,270 in 2009 .
It moved back to its original home after the rebuilding in freely adapted baroque forms was finally completed in 1955 .
He is one of the Seven Gods of Fortune ( , Shichifukujin ) , and the only one of the seven to originate from Japan .
Apollodorus .
Australia is a four-time Oceania Football Confederation champion and has been represented at two FIFA World Cup tournaments , in 1974 and 2006 .
Career Research at Cambridge In 1932 , Chadwick made a fundamental discovery in the domain of nuclear science : he discovered the particle in the nucleus of an atom that became known as the neutron because it has no electric charge .
Colors =
