He also formulated the theory of Hilbert spaces , one of the foundations of functional analysis .
Tetsuhiro Kina ( born December 10 , 1976 in Naha , Okinawa ) is a Japanese football player .
In countries with a decimal comma , the decimal point is also common as the '' international '' notation because of the influence of devices , such as electronic calculators , which use the decimal point .
The Statute of Labourers was a law enacted by the English parliament under King Edward III in 1351 in response to a labor shortage , designed to stabilize the labor force by prohibiting increases in wages and prohibiting the movement of workers from their home areas in search of improved conditions .
As described above , the Euclidean algorithm is used to find the greatest common divisor of two natural numbers ( positive integers ) .
Henry came to regret Cromwell 's execution , and later accused his ministers of bringing about Cromwell 's downfall by false charges .
The Simple English Wikipedia is an English edition of the Wikipedia encyclopedia , written in primarily Basic English and Special English .
No successful linear or algebraic weaknesses have been reported .
Radwimps official website Sometimes the band goes by just the shortened version of their name , Rad .
The Green Monster , which is only 310-315 feet from home plate , is a popular target for right-handed hitters .
Cape Romano was the spot where Hurricane Wilma made its first U.S. landfall in October 2005 .
If the network cable breaks , the entire network will be down .
His successor Jovian , trapped on the east bank of the Tigris , had to agree to hand over all the provinces which the Persians had ceded to Rome in 298 as well as Nisibis and Singara , in order to secure safe passage for his army out of Persia .
In addition to its nineteen graduate programs in the arts and sciences , Dartmouth is home to three separate graduate schools .
Van Dieman 's Land is the setting of the novel English Passengers by Matthew Kneale ( 2000 ) , which tells the story of 3 eccentric English men who in 1857 set sail for the island in search of the Garden of Eden .
The licence is issued by the FIA upon request .
The Rocker is a 2009 comedy starring Rainn Wilson , Josh Gad , Teddy Geiger , Emma Stone , Christina Applegate , Jason Sudeikis , Will Arnett , Fred Armisen and Bradley Cooper .
Karel Svoboda ( 19 December 1938 & ndash ; 28 January 2007 ) was a Czech composer of popular music .
Domezain-Berraute ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Hoffmann 's ancestors , both maternal and paternal , were jurists .
In 1896 , Toscanini conducted his first symphonic concert ( in Turin , with works by Schubert , Brahms , Tchaikovsky , and Wagner ) .
At 18 , he enlisted in the British Army to fight in the French and Indian War , eventually rising to the rank of lieutenant .
Hot Club de Paris are an English band from Liverpool .
The game was well-received , earning year-end awards from numerous video gaming websites .
Many churches possess fragmentary remains which are by tradition alleged to be those of the True Cross .
Late on August 15 , the warning was extended to San Luis Pass , while the watch in Mexico was discontinued .
Eduardo Gory '' Eddie '' Guerrero ( October 9 , 1967 - November 13 , 2005 ) was a Mexican-American professional wrestler born into the Guerrero wrestling family .
William and his nobles spoke and conducted court in Norman French , in England as well as in Normandy .
The Union Council has a population of 56,892 while the population of town of Dhingano Bozdar is up to 10,000 and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka , it is located in the west of the district .
That same year , 1555 , he was arrested and charged with '' calculating '' for having cast horoscopes of Queen Mary and Princess Elizabeth ; the charges were expanded to treason against Mary .
It was founded in 1985 , as a merger between Union Sportive du Mans ( USM ) and Stade Olympique du Maine ( SOM ) .
Walt Disney was the inaugural recipient of a star on the Anaheim walk of stars . The star was awarded in honor of Disney 's significant contributions to the city of Anaheim , California , specifically , Disneyland , which is now the Disneyland Resort .
The Anschluss was given immediate effect by legislative act on 13 March , subject to ratification by a plebiscite .
Costume may also refer to the artistic arrangement of accessories in a picture , statue , poem , or play , appropriate to the time , place , or other circumstances represented or described , or to a particular style of clothing worn to portray the wearer as a character or type of character other than their regular persona at a social event such as a masquerade , a fancy dress party or in an artistic theatrical performance .
Linghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Baby wore the mask in three episodes ( The Mask Is Always Greener on the Other Side ( Part 1 ) , Baby 's Wild Ride and Mutiny of the Bounty Hunters ) .
Depending on the circumstances , the platform may be fixed to the ocean floor , may consist of an artificial island , or may float .
The Boston Globe ( Positive ) link
Scroll down to edit the contents of this page .
The fossil was found at Lightning Ridge , New South Wales , Australia , as was Steropodon .
'' Como La Flor '' ( ) is a song by Mexican-American singer Selena , from her third studio album , Entre a Mi Mundo (/O1992/O) .
The 1930 -- 31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League .
'' Malabar plum '' may also refer to other species of Syzygium .
Carlisle is a rural town in Middlesex County , Massachusetts , United States .
Saint Thomas is an island in the Caribbean Sea and with the islands of Saint John , Saint Croix , and Water Island a county and constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands ( USVI ) , an unincorporated territory of the United States .
Bad Aibling is a spa town and former district seat in Bavaria ( Germany ) on the river Mangfall , located some 35 miles southeast of Munich .
In the 2003 NFL Draft Redding was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the 3rd round ( 66th overall ) .
The Institute of Druze Studies estimates that 40 % -- 50 % of Druze live in Syria , 30 % -- 40 % in Lebanon , 6 % -- 7 % in Israel , and 1 % -- 2 % in Jordan .
-- Book and lyrics by Tom Jones , music by Harvey Schmidt .
Sho Ito ( Ito Sho ; born July 24 , 1988 in Kasugai , Aichi Prefecture , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who plays for Japanese team Shimizu S-Pulse and represented Japan 's Under-20 team at the 2006 AFC Youth Championship .
National Weather Service Glossary , s.v. '' gale '' .
Bergen is the administrative center of Hordaland county .
Numerous tactics can be employed to complete the game , such as rushing or using stealth and sniping .
The population was 73,933 at the 2009 U.S. census estimate .
Visit the King Valley and names such as Pizzini , Dal Zotto , Corsini , Sartori , Ciccone and Politini are prominent for their hospitality .
The subway network first opened in 1985 with seventeen stations .
Alyson Lee Hannigan ( born March 24 , 1974 ) is an American actress .
The band has released the song '' Everything You Ever Wanted '' on Christian radio .
Eastbourne is situated at the eastern end of the South Downs alongside the famous Beachy Head cliff .
Most often vehicles are manufactured ( e.g. bicycles , cars , motorcycles , trains , ships , boats , and aircraft ) .
This event occurs at the December solstice , when the southern hemisphere is tilted towards the sun to its maximum extent .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
Ole Petter Andreassen ( born 22 September 1970 ) , is a Norwegian musician and producer from Flekkefjord , Norway .
When the female is ready to lay eggs she will generally stop eating and spend most of her time trying to dig .
Note : also once spelled '' Matto Grosso '' .
It is situated on the Lizard Peninsula between The Lizard and Coverack .
Along its route are Kentucky Dam which forms Kentucky Lake and Barkley Dam which forms Lake Barkley , Land Between The Lakes National Recreation Area ( '' LBL '' ; under the management of the US Forest Service ) , and Fort Campbell .
The Crusaders defeat an Egyptian invasion of the Kingdom of Jerusalem near Ascalon .
Keeping articles to a reasonable size is important for Wikipedia 's accessibility , especially for dial-up and mobile browser readers , since it directly affects page download time ( see ) .
Landerrouat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A molecule or atom that has a positive electron affinity is often called an electron acceptor and may undergo charge-transfer reactions .
As a result of his publication , Coleman became a prominent figure in Missouri farming circles , which set the path for a political career in the Missouri House of Representatives .
Asia Empress Wang ( Ping ) is given the title of Duchess Dowager of Ding ` an , while Emperor Ruzi of Han , the former Emperor of Han becomes the Duke of Ding ` an .
Limburger and its characteristic odor are a frequent butt of jokes and gags .
Secret Diary of a Call Girl ( known on-air before the watershed in the UK as Secret Diary ) is a British television drama broadcast on ITV2 starring Billie Piper as '' Belle '' , a high-class London-based call girl .
The Battle of the Mediterranean was the name given to the naval campaign fought in the Mediterranean Sea during World War II , from 10 June 1940-2 May 1945 .
Husserl stated that by the time he published that book , he had already changed his mind- that he had doubts about psychologism from the very outset .
Alexei Dmitrievich Shirov ( , ; born July 4 , 1972 ) is a Soviet-born Spanish chess grandmaster .
On his return to England he was charged with high crimes and misdemeanours by Edmund Burke , encouraged by Sir Philip Francis whom he had wounded in a duel in India .
Blizzard of Ozz is the debut studio album by British singer\/songwriter Ozzy Osbourne , recorded in Surrey , UK and released on September 20 , 1980 in the UK and on March 27 , 1981 in the U.S. Blizzard of Ozz was a commercial success and was certified 4x Platinum in the U.S. , ( a feat Osbourne would again achieve with the release of No More Tears ) .
The Berlin Zoo registered '' Knut '' as a trademark in late March 2007 .
As Secretary of State Following his victory in 1840 , President Harrison appointed Webster to the post of Secretary of State in 1841 , a post he retained under President John Tyler after the death of Harrison a month after his inauguration .
During the 2004 - 05 NHL lockout he played for the Mannheim Eagles in the German ice hockey league , and in November 2005 he signed with Jokerit in the Finnish SM-liiga to replace Karl Goehring , but Passmore was also a disappointment , and was eventually replaced by Tom Askey .
From teaching classes , their career improved to choreographing music videos , commercials , films , television shows , and concerts .
Happy Days is an American television sitcom that originally aired from 1974 to 1984 on ABC .
This is the state bird of Oklahoma , and is prominently displayed in flight on the reverse of the Oklahoma Commemorative Quarter .
Melinda Marie Doolittle ( born October 6 , 1977 ) is an American singer who finished as the third place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
According to recent population estimates (/O2007/O) , the town is home to 39,527 as the largest settlement within North Ayrshire .
Stream ciphers encrypt the bytes of the message one at a time , and block ciphers take a number of bytes and encrypt them as a single unit .
Internal structure Mercury is one of four terrestrial planets in the Solar System , and is a rocky body like the Earth .
Nightingale reduced mortality from 40 % to 2 % on the battlefield , creating the concept of intensive care .
It began in England during the early 1980s in the gothic rock scene , an offshoot of the Post-punk genre .
Statistics of Austrian first league in the 1924/1925 season .
This is reflected in the landscape , most clearly seen on Tresco where the lush sub-tropical Abbey Gardens on the sheltered southern end of the island contrast with the low heather and bare rock sculpted by the wind on the exposed northern end .
The Louvre was closed for an entire week to aid in investigation of the theft .
His choice of which mussel to eat first was interpreted as indicating his prediction of a win for the country whose flag was on that box .
Most nations are members of the UN , and send people to the headquarters to hold meetings and pass s ( make decisions ) about global issues .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
Graphic Resources : ZoneAlarm by Check Point Features In ZoneAlarm , program access is controlled by way of '' zones '' , into which all network connections are divided .
Chester City Football Club was an English football team from Chester .
The stadium is owned by Manchester City Council and leased by the football club .
By midday on September 11 , the circulation had become ill-defined and elongated ; failing to meet the criteria of a tropical cyclone , the National Hurricane Center declared Gabrielle dissipating well to the south of Nova Scotia .
Three years later , the First French Empire -- to which he was heir -- collapsed .
They are managed by Jerry Fen 's Comic Productions Co. , Ltd. and records albums with HIM International Music .
Each level is a minigame which requires the player to perform certain actions in sync with the rhythm to create a beat to go along with the background music .
Loupes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Bambi 's Children , The Story of a Forest Family , originally titled Bambis Kinder , eine Familie im Walde , is a German Children 's novel written by Felix Salten as a sequel to his successful work Bambi , A Life in the Woods .
The leaves have a tubular sheath at the base that usually splits open on one side at maturity .
In another he lost to Lleyton Hewitt who was ranked number 1 in the world at the time .
Modern History of Wire Rope - Donald Sayenga
A volcano is an opening , or rupture , in a planet 's surface or crust , which allows hot magma , ash and gases to escape from below the surface .
Deutsche Bank AG ( literally '' German Bank '' ; ; , ) is an international universal bank with its headquarters in Frankfurt , Germany .
The prizes for the victors were olive wreaths or crowns .
It is located some 8 km ( 5 mi ) inland into the desert from the old town of Giza on the Nile , some 25 km ( 15 mi ) southwest of Cairo city centre .
Saturated steam is steam at equilibrium with liquid water . It defines the boundary between wet steam and superheated steam ( dry steam ) on the temperature-enthalpy diagram .
Originally called Federal Grove , the name was changed in the 1860s to honor Auburn , New York .
It is , however , claimed by India as a part of its state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Simon and Garfunkel were named Tom & Jerry by their record company and it was under this name that the duo first had success .
Without the '' hidden risk of inflation '' , it may become more prudent just to hold on to money , and not to spend or invest it .
'' I have done a good deal of skying '' , Constable wrote to Fisher on 23 October 1821 ; '' I am determined to conquer all difficulties , and that most arduous one among the rest '' .
It covers some of the most arid parts of the continent ; with a total land area of , it is the fourth largest of Australia 's six states and two territories .
Marriage to Louis : 1767 -- 1770 The events leading to her eventual betrothal to the Dauphin of France began in 1765 , when Francis I , Holy Roman Emperor , died of a stroke in August of that year , leaving Maria Theresa to co-rule with her elder son and heir , the Emperor Joseph II .
You have been indefinitely blocked from editing for .
The psychological concept of the Electra complex is also named after her .
Iapetus was discovered by Giovanni Domenico Cassini , an Italian\/French astronomer , in October 1671 .
Herodotus placed them in a region bordering Scythia in Sarmatia ( modern territory of Ukraine ) .
Last of the Summer Wine inspired other adaptations , including a television prequel , Bright and Ross (/O2000/O) , p. 160 several novelisations , Bright and Ross (/O2000/O) p. 24 and stage adaptations .
Hereford and Worcester ( ) was an English county created on 1 April 1974 , by the Local Government Act 1972 from the area of the former administrative county of Herefordshire , most of Worcestershire ( except Halesowen and Stourbridge , which became part of the West Midlands ) and the county borough of Worcester .
In addition , the soap reduces evaporation , making the bubbles last longer , but this effect is relatively small .
;
Unmyelinated nerve fibers for itch and pain both originate in the skin ; however , information for them is conveyed centrally in two distinct systems that both use the same peripheral nerve bundle and spinothalamic tract .
An additional was added to the north end of the Spadina section of the Yonge-University-Spadina Line , adding one station ( Downsview ) , with bus bays for connections to surface routes .
Northumberland Park Depot is the service and storage area for trains on the Victoria Line of the London Underground , the only part of the line not in tunnel .
with New Jersey producer David Bendeth ( Your Vegas , Breaking Benjamin ) , releasing the album on June 12 , 2007 .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
Panthera is a genus of the family Felidae ( the cats ) , which contains four well-known living species : the Tiger , the Lion , the Jaguar , and the Leopard .
The units were built at BR 's Derby Works from 1954 to 1955 .
Central Japan Railway Company
Video Static : Music Video News : December 9 , 2007 - December 15 , 2007 It was the first song written after the band decided to scrap an entire album of songs they had been planning to release in the autumn of 2007 .
Born in La Pobla Llarga , Ribera Alta , Valencian Community , Albelda started his career as a central defender with local UD Alzira and , after having served two separate loans with Villarreal CF , also in the region , returned for good to first professional club Valencia CF in 1999 -- 2000 , playing a major role in a squad that emerged league champions in 2002 and 2004 , adding to that the 2004 UEFA Cup .
Roy Hodgson ( born 9 August 1947 ) is an English football manager and former player , who is currently the manager of Fulham .
The libretto , written by W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman , is based loosely on the eight paintings and engravings A Rake 's Progress ( 1733 1735 ) of William Hogarth , which Stravinsky had seen on May 2 , 1947 , in a Chicago exhibition .
Hannescamps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He died in New York City in 1962 at the age of 71 from a heart attack .
The town of Chandpur is terminus of a metre gauge branch of Bangladesh Railways .
American Eagle may refer to :
Increasingly , though , merit badges are earned in a class setting at troop meetings and summer camps .
This school is located on Vancouver Island in Mill Bay , British Columbia , Canada .
The Economist noted that China reacted to the disaster '' rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness '' , contrasting it with Burma 's secretive response to Cyclone Nargis , which devastated that country 10 days before the earthquake .
It was a habit of many Roman generals to choose from the ranks a private force of soldiers to act as guards of the tent or the person .
RPM may also refer to :
They were described in 1936 by Alan Turing .
His works of fiction and non-fiction have garnered him critical acclaim , and he is the sixth recipient of the Franz Kafka Prize for his novel Kafka on the Shore .
The western half of the range lies in Ventura County , and the eastern half of the range lies in Los Angeles County .
The Nizams liked the European style of architecture and created a fusion of European traditions with Hindu and Islamic forms and motifs .
Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst von Weber ( 18 -- 19 November 17864 -- 5 June 1826 ) was a German composer , conductor , pianist , guitarist and critic , one of the first significant composers of the Romantic school .
These examples are not exhaustive .
Eutheism is the viewpoint\/belief that a deity ( ies ) is wholly benevolent ; dystheism allows for there being evil in the divine realm .
They are considered inextricably linked to one another because of a ` family likeness ' and a certain commonality in theology : all three claim to be monotheistic ( although both Judaism and Islam doubt Christianity 's right to this description ) , and conceive God to be a transcendent Creator-figure and the source of moral law .
The lead jammer can decide to end the jam at any time by placing her hands on her hips repeatedly , which signals the referee to officially call off the jam .
Guillaume de Machaut ( sometimes spelled Machault ) ( c. 1300 - April 1377 ) was a Medieval French poet and composer .
Honda Airport for general aviation and the JASDF 's Iruma Air Base , and Kumagaya Air Base offer no scheduled transport services .
Since its inception , the bank has distributed Tk 347.75 billion ( USD 6.55 billion ) in loans .
This game is played by teams of 5 players on a trapezium shaped field , mostly located on marketplaces .
In 1959 , he led his first crusade , which was in London .
They are typically in the mid-section of the stadium , affording the best views of the sporting event .
Wellin is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Public schools did not reopen until the mid-1870s , and most businesses remained closed .
Henry the Lion erects the first bronze statue north of the Alps .
Family Myrtaceae ( myrtle family )
The peanuts , or groundnut ( Arachis hypogaea ) , is a species in the legume '' bean '' family ( Fabaceae ) .
It was divided into three districts : Bahawalpur , Rahim Yar Khan and Bahawalnagar .
It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean ( E ) , the state of Bahia ( N ) , the state of Minas Gerais ( N ) and ( W ) , and the state of Rio de Janeiro ( S ) .
On 26 June 1880 , the same day their outlaw status expired , Dan Kelly and Joe Byrne went to Sherritt 's house and killed him .
After graduation , he did a brief stint in the U.S. Army and then returned to Arkansas as an assistant coach .
Balaenoptera is the most diverse genus of its family , the only other member being the Humpback Whale , Megaptera novaeangliae .
He was selected to his first All-Star Game as a reserve outfielder .
In humans , common symptoms may include slurred speech , euphoria , impaired balance , poor coordination , flushed face , reddened eyes , reduced inhibition , and erratic behavior .
The reason for the rotation is the same as any other cyclone , the Coriolis effect .
The resulting creatures are a powerful race bent on universal conquest and domination , utterly without pity , compassion or remorse .
Luton Town Football Club ( ) is an English professional football club based in the town of Luton , Bedfordshire .
Opus Dei is Latin for '' Work of God '' , hence the organization is often referred to by members and supporters as '' the Work '' .
Southeastern Oklahoma State University & ndash ; Durant , Oklahoma
On February 14 , McMurray won the 2010 Daytona 500 . He led for only two laps , the least in Daytona 500 history .
April 9 & ndash ; Spain recognizes Dutch independence .
The Argentine-Israeli conductor Daniel Barenboim and the late Palestinian-American academic Edward Said founded the orchestra in 1999 , and named the ensemble after an anthology of poems by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Nigerian oil Coincidentally , Nigeria has become Africa 's biggest producer of petroleum , including many oil wells in the Oil Rivers .
From 1969 to 1984 , Norrington was music director of Kent Opera .
It is possible to restore an old version of a page by following the link to that version , clicking '' edit '' and then saving .
The album brought the band to a new level of commercial success , and Soundgarden found itself amidst the sudden popularity and attention given to the Seattle music scene .
It is the largest political party in Serbia in terms of sitting Members of Parliament , and in what respects the international arena , the Democratic Party is a member of the Socialist International and Party of European Socialists .
The radula of a gastropod is usually adapted to the food that a species eats .
Various inflationary pressures , perhaps due to influx of New World gold and rising population , set the stage for social upheaval with the gap between the rich and poor widening .
Music video The music video for '' Fell on Black Days '' was directed by Jake Scott , who would later direct the music video for '' Burden in My Hand '' .
Bellebrune is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
For example , the logarithm of 1000 to base 10 is 3 , because 3 is the power to which ten must be raised to produce 1000 : 103 = 1000 , so log101000 = 3 .
No other arrests regarding the theft of the nuclear designs have been made .
Of the major city-states in the region , only Aleppo and Qatna to the west in Syria maintained their independence .
The regular octahedron has 6 vertices and 12 edges , the minimum for an octahedron ; nonregular octahedra may have as many as 12 vertices and 18 edges .
Poland began to form into a recognizable unitary and territorial entity around the middle of the 10th century under the Piast dynasty .
Herman ( '' Norrie '' ) Northrop Frye , CC , FRSC ( July 14 , 1912 - January 23 , 1991 ) was a Canadian literary critic and literary theorist , considered one of the most influential of the 20th century .
He is the author of Doctor Burbonian (/O1918/O) , Death battalion (/O1923/O) , New York (/O1927/O) , Baku ( v. 1-3 , 1930-34 ) , Jonathan , Son of Jeremiah novels , stories and dramas .
There are also reports of specimens up to 50 m or 60 m long , which would make it the longest animal in the world ; the longest vertebrate on record is a female blue whale , 29.9 m long .
His image graces many temples , restaurants , amulets , and businesses .
Martin has commented that the song is about devotion , referring to his unrequited love ( Martin was single at the time he wrote the song ) .
The concert hall was built by the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde , on a piece of land given by Emperor Franz Joseph , and it was opened on January 6 1870 .
It was then that the National Hurricane Center first indicated that it was possible for a tropical depression to develop in the area .
Harison da Silva Nery or simply Harison ( born January 2 , 1980 in Belém ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder , currently playing with Al-Ahli .
Although the glaciers did not reach Hartley , the tundra like permafrost allowed seasonal rivers to flow over the otherwise porous chalk , thus creating the '' dry valley '' at Hartley Bottom .
Newton was the first to apply calculus to general physics and Leibniz developed much of the notation used in calculus today .
A boy is a young male human .
Music in Theory and Practice , Vol 1 , p. 6 .
The flag has flown since then , but was confirmed by Royal Decree only in 1937 .
With the presence of the nearby Parkes Observatory , Parkes has had an important role in the scientific community .
The name '' Superfortress '' was derived from that of its well-known predecessor , the B-17 Flying Fortress , and carried on a series of names for Boeing-built bombers followed by the B-50 , B-47 Stratojet and B-52 Stratofortress .
The body was hand-laid fiberglass which actually hid Roth 's extensive chrome work to the chassis .
Aignerville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Adelaide Zoo is Australia 's second oldest zoo , located in Adelaide , South Australia and the only major metropolitan zoo in Australia to be owned and operated on a non-profit basis .
They vary in size from and ( Maui 's Dolphin ) , up to and ( the Orca or Killer Whale ) .
Producer Arnold Lanni noticed the band 's discontent with the songs they were writing .
Today , it is mostly charities and professional institutions who receive Royal Charters .
In 1932 , soon after the prediction of positrons by Paul Dirac , Carl D. Anderson found that cosmic-ray collisions produced these particles in a cloud chamber -- a particle detector in which moving electrons ( or positrons ) leave behind trails as they move through the gas .
After they return home , Indiana is reinstated and made an associate dean at Marshall College , and he and Marion are married .
Castleton is a honeypot village in the Derbyshire Peak District , in England .
Bush and forest elephants were formerly considered subspecies of the same species Loxodonta africana .
As of the 2010 census , the population was 75,450 .
Baird was born in Helensburgh , Dunbartonshire ( Helensburgh is now in the Argyll and Bute council area ) .
King Diamond is the heavy metal band that King Diamond formed after the split up of his heavy metal band Mercyful Fate , and the departure of Hank Shermann .
Rules and etiquette .
His first published work was a Piano Sonata in D minor .
These include dryness and recurring skin rashes that are characterized by one or more of these symptoms : redness , skin edema ( swelling ) , itching and dryness , crusting , flaking , blistering , cracking , oozing , or bleeding .
Auschwitz is the German name for O wi cim , the town in and around which the camps were located ; it was renamed by the Germans after they invaded Poland in September 1939 .
She and her son-in-law , Sir John Middleton , take an active interest in the romantic affairs of the young people around them and seek to encourage suitable matches , often to the particular chagrin of Elinor and Marianne .
As CEO Ballmer handled company finances , however Gates still retained control of the '' technological vision '' .
On 4 June 2008 , the French National Police recovered it and three other stolen paintings from inside a van in Marseilles .
Gregorian chant was organized , codified , and notated mainly in the Frankish lands of western and central Europe during the 10th to 13th centuries , with later additions and redactions , but the texts and many of the melodies have antecedents going back several centuries earlier .
The single was released in 2002 from the album Nellyville .
In 1793 and 1794 he commanded the army in the Austrian Netherlands during the Flanders Campaign .
Joyeuse
There are over 142,200 people buried at the cemetery , with over 150 annual internments .
A saviour spirit or saviour spirits which assist the soul on the journey through life and after it to ` worlds of light ' .
Under the Iron Sea is the second studio album by English rock band Keane , released in 2006 .
Blatche was shot in a carjacking on September 25 , 2005 , and as a result missed training camp .
Isolated military strikes by U.S. and British forces continued on Iraq sporadically , the largest being Operation Desert Fox in 1998 .
Tachinidae is a large and rather variable family of true flies within the insect order Diptera , with more than 8,200 known species and many more to be discovered .
He did not see active service abroad as he was injured in a bomb accident .
Negimaki , also called negima , is a Japanese food consisting of broiled strips of beef marinated in teriyaki sauce and rolled with scallions ( negi ) .
It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba ; Harrison and Knowles produced the track for her second solo album , B ` Day .
He is formerly a joint owner of the NASCAR Sprint Cup racing team , Hall of Fame Racing , along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback , Roger Staubach .
Do not retitle any existing section to be Entitled '' Endorsements '' or to conflict in title with any Invariant Section .
Everyone who is not a chimera has a maximum of four genetic grandparents , eight genetic great-grandparents , sixteen genetic great-great-grandparents , etc. .
She is originally from Schenectady , New York , and has graduated from Columbia University .
The largest island is Diego Garcia , the site of a joint military facility of the United Kingdom and the United States .
Fish & chips In North German and Danish cuisine plaice is one of the most commonly eaten fishes .
Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV visits his nephew Charles V of France to publicly celebrate the friendship between their two nations .
He would later move to the San Francisco Examiner .
The pox is related to the vaccinia virus , and got its name from the distribution of the disease when dairymaids touched the udders of infected cows .
She was named one of People magazine 's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2003 , and one of People magazine 's 100 Most Beautiful People in 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 .
Joshua Holt Hamilton ( born May 21 , 1981 , in Raleigh , North Carolina ) is a Major League Baseball All Star outfielder for the Texas Rangers .
Entertainment Weekly ( B + ) link
This was the first release version to be called Pidgin , and contained a completely new graphics design .
Some features or qualities of the object under study will be ignored in the measurement process and the limitations of the chosen instruments will cause data to be left out of consideration .
Calvin Chen represents spring , warm ; Jiro Wang represents summer , hot ; Wu Zun represents autumn , cool ; and lastly , Aaron Yan represents winter , cold .
Adolph Frederick Rupp ( September 2 , 1901 December 10 , 1977 ) was one of the most successful coaches in the history of American college basketball .
Most heteromyids live in complex burrows within the deserts and grasslands of western North America , though species within the Heteromys and Liomys genera are also found in forests and extend down as far as northern South America .
He is Lady Capulet 's nephew , Juliet 's hot-tempered cousin and Romeo 's rival .
In 2006 , he won stages at the Tour de Romandie and Tour de Suisse in preparation for the Tour de France .
About a third of the worldwide production of lentils is from India , most of which is consumed in the domestic market .
In 2006 , the game came 9th in Wireds Vaporware '06 award .
Rating information First Airing : Unknown Second Airing : Unknown Cultural references This movie is loosely based on the myth of Prometheus .
The Labor Party came to office with Kevin Rudd as Prime Minister following the November 2007 election .
It was similar , and often identical , to hypocras .
After being attacked by an angry ex-girlfriend , Taverner awakens in a dingy Los Angeles hotel room .
This and all following councils are not recognized by the Assyrian Church of the East .
Settlement in Appenzell started in the 7th and the 8th century alongside the river Glatt .
Her older sisters were actress Constance Bennett and actress/dancer Barbara Bennett , who was the mother of Morton Downey , Jr. .
Examples of pairs of homonyms are stalk ( part of a plant ) and stalk ( follow\/harass a person ) , and left ( opposite of right ) and left ( past tense of leave ) .
For example , '' no human lives forever '' is not falsifiable since it does not seem possible to prove wrong .
Originally calling themselves The Original Bushwackers and Bullockies Bush Band the three founding members , guitarist Dave Isom , tea-chest bass player Jan ` Yarn ' Wositzky and lagerphonist Bert Kahanoff .
The 2000 01 Scottish Premier League was the third season of the Scottish Premier League .
France is a secular country as freedom of religion is a constitutional right .
His father , Robert Gamble Cabell II ( 1847 1922 ) , was a physician , and his mother , Anne Harris ( 1859 1915 ) , was the daughter of Col. and Mrs James R. Branch .
Many young Tamil professionals from India have also immigrated to Europe and the United States in recent times in search of better opportunities .
id Software is an American video game development company with its headquarters in Mesquite , Texas .
Global thermodynamic equilibrium ( GTE ) means that those intensive parameters are homogeneous throughout the whole system , while local thermodynamic equilibrium ( LTE ) means that those intensive parameters are varying in space and time , but are varying so slowly that , for any point , one can assume thermodynamic equilibrium in some neighborhood about that point .
That year their then-label-mates , The Offspring , experienced a huge success with their album Smash .
Paul John Gascoigne ( born 27 May 1967 ) , commonly referred to as Gazza , is a retired English professional footballer .
With the Modern Era expansion in the season and the creation of the West Division , the Wales Trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the East Division during the regular season .
It examines the language and notation of music .
The acronym '' SKY '' is formed from the first letters of the three most prestigious and highly selective universities in Korea : Seoul National University , Korea University , and Yonsei University .
His brother Howard ( 1870 - 1918 ) , born shortly before the family moved to Los Angeles , lost one leg at the age of 14 and suffered from tuburculosis .
Sodium arsenite is used in the water gas shift reaction to remove carbon dioxide .
Avon-les-Roches , a commune in the département of Indre-et-Loire
Like other games in the series , Mario Kart DS features characters from the Mario series , and pits them against each other as they race in karts on tracks based on locations in the Mario series .
Syriac ( Christian Aramaic ) still remains the liturgical language of the Maronite Church .
Some waves in the oceans can travel thousands of miles before reaching land .
Peter Fox ( born Pierre Baigorry ; also known as Enuff and Pete Fox ) Born 3 September 1971 is a German reggae and hip hop musician from Berlin .
Gellar also played an ex-porn star in Richard Kelly 's Southland Tales (/O2007/O) and was part of an ensemble cast in The Air I Breathe (/O2008/O) .
Bluesnet.hub.org for further information relating to House 's age -- October 19 , 1988 ) was an American blues singer and guitarist .
In 2004 the American Bad Aibling ECHELON station ( Field Station 81 ) closed after several decades of operation .
They began play during the 2007 - 08 AHL season at the MetroCentre in Rockford , Illinois , USA .
Parkes attracted significant attention during the gold rush of the 1870s onwards , and even to this day modern mining companies still have sites in the nearby region .
The five Seedars , disciples of Vaikundar and their descendants , traveled to several parts of the country bearing the mission of Ayyavazhi .
The scheme is named after Charles Ponzi who became notorious for using the technique in early 1920 .
ProTour status for teams - relabelled UCI ProTeams - will continue as the highest level of registration , and will carry the right and obligation to participate in all World Tour Races . The ProTour licences are given to a maximum of 20 teams , to which sponsors must commit multiple years of sponsorship ( 4 years at the ProTour 's inauguration ) .
Ibrahim Sekagya ( born 19 December 1980 in Kampala ) is an Ugandan football defender who currently plays for Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Bundesliga .
The Kongo language , or Kikongo , is the Bantu language spoken by the Bakongo and Bandundu people living in the tropical forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Republic of the Congo and Angola .
In his paper Observations of two persistent degrees on a thermometer , he recounted his experiments showing that ice 's melting point was effectively unaffected by pressure .
Most surviving Archean rocks are metamorphic or igneous .
February 14 & ndash ; Marguerite of France , queen of Edward I of England ( b. 1282 )
Historically significant as the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom , the Council was the first occasion where the technical aspects of Christology were discussed .
Badmotorfinger was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1992 .
During a game in 1939 , he did n't show up , causing a rift with Jack Adams .
Braun was 33 years old when she died .
They are increasingly , though still rarely , found on North American packaging , especially in Canada on imported European products .
The growing resort of Virginia Beach became an incorporated town in 1906 .
The term is derived by comparison with '' designer clothing '' .
Augustine of Hippo in his commentary on the Sermon on the Mount supported the Moses parallel , arguing that this symbolism showed Jesus as supplementing the precepts of Moses , although in Augustine 's later writings , such as the Reply to Faustus , he carefully backs away from this view .
Haji Sawan Khan Gopang is a Union council of Hyderabad Taluka ( rural ) in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
In the 2005 General Election , the Conservatives gained 33 new seats in Westminster but this still only gave them 198 seats to Labour 's 355 .
It is called '' black '' because it absorbs all the light that hits it , reflecting nothing , just like a perfect black body in thermodynamics .
The subarctic climate ( also called boreal climate ) is a climate characterized by long , usually very cold winters , and short , cool to mild summers .
Maya inscriptions mention an individual nicknamed by scholars as '' Spearthrower Owl '' , apparently ruler of Teotihuacan , who reigned for over 60 years and installed his relatives as rulers of Tikal and Uaxactun in Guatemala .
The fossils are about 1.8 million years old .
The anatomy of the lobster includes the cephalothorax which is the head fused with the thorax , both of which are covered by the carapace , of chitinous composition , and the abdomen .
A plaque on the Fye Bridge in Norwich , England claims to mark the site of a '' cucking '' stool , and that from 1562 - 1597 '' strumpets '' and common scolds suffered the punishment of dunking there .
Some historians claim that they pre-date actors in theater .
Disney Channel Portugal is Portuguese simulcast of Disney Channel . Broadcasts Disney Channel , Disney XD and Playhouse Disney originals and non-originals .
Prospect Heights is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Eric Idle ( born 29 March 1943 ) is an English comedian , actor , author , singer , writer , and comedic composer who wrote and performed as a member of the popular British comedy group Monty Python .
Books that talk about it are Roger Abell 's The Black Shields ( a discussion of African American policing in New York ) , Greg Faliis ' Just the Facts Ma'am , and Leslie Glass ' novel , A Killing Gift .
This unstable allotrope , being molecular , is the most volatile , least dense and most toxic .
One M was for Forrest E. Mars Sr. , and one for Bruce Murrie , the son of Hershey 's Chocolate president William F. R. Murrie .
Gordan Nikolitch began playing the violin when he was seven .
The summer convention of 1966 was moved even farther west , this time to Clear Lake , Iowa .
Originally , there were red , orange , and yellow loops , but green , then purple , and , finally , blue were added by the 1990s .
The larvae are stout , reaching 120 -- 130 mm , with a prominent tail horn .
The flag itself had only been approved by the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan three days earlier .
This was intended to alienate Pulitzer 's Jewish readership .
This event was arranged in an unusual way : after a preliminary single round-robin tournament involving 11 players , the top five were to play a second stage in double round-robin format , with scores from the preliminary tournament carried forward to the second contest .
Sergey Karjakin ( ; ; born January 12 , 1990 in Simferopol ) is a Russian ( formerly Ukrainian ) chess grandmaster .
The original settlement was done by Catalan families from the Ampurdan region of north-eastern Catalonia , Spain in 1764 .
San Marco , Florence , 1436 -- 1445 In 1436 Fra Angelico was one of a number of the monks from Fiesole who moved to the newly-built convent of San Marco in Florence .
Striking combination , in martial arts and combat sports
This story , about a girl who takes pleasure in doing good deeds but can not find love herself , was a huge critical and commercial success worldwide , and was nominated for several Academy Awards .
He is the former CEO of Def Jam RecordingsPitchfork : Jay-Z Leaves Def Jam Presidency and Roc-A-Fella Records .
Lynx inhabit high altitude forests with dense cover of shrubs , reeds , and tall grass .
Quantum mechanics predicts that black holes emit radiation like a black body with a finite temperature .
According to a study by Sorrells et al. , the five most sensitive areas of the penis are on the foreskin .
Tukums is a town in Latvia .
On September 5 , a Hurricane Hunters flight indicated the system had not acquired the characteristics of a tropical or subtropical cyclone .
On that night Raw defeated Nitro in the ratings for the first time since June 10 , 1996 .
Dietrich Stobbe ( March 25 , 1938 - February 19 , 2011 ) was a German politician from Weepers , East Prussia .
Sable FC is a Cameroonian football club based in Batié .
In the Murree hills it was the Dhund Abbasi and Tanoli tribes who rose up against the British .
Many consider their actions to be criminal , but the MK deemed the means justified by the end goal of ending apartheid .
Marshall is well-known for proving that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori is the cause of most peptic ulcers , reversing decades of medical doctrine which held that ulcers were caused by stress , spicy foods , and too much acid .
They currently play in the Western Division of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Later that night , Mankind won his first World Title from The Rock .
In 1812 he captured Valencia , for which he was rewarded with the ducal victory title ( honorary , not attached to an actual fief ) of duc d'Albufera da Valencia in 1813 .
The name is believed to come from Gaelic , and means '' Place of the little stump '' , '' outcrop '' or '' block '' .
Avrillé is a commune in the Vendée department in western France .
Although it has only 6.14 percent of Alaska 's land area , it is larger than the state of Maine , and almost as large as the state of Indiana .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The United States Capitol is the meeting place of the United States Congress , the legislature of the Federal government of the United States .
The most notable of the toys are the dart guns ( referred to by Hasbro as '' blasters '' ) that shoot ammunition made from Nerf foam .
A competent guitarist , Idle composed many of the group 's most famous musical numbers , most notably '' Always Look on the Bright Side of Life '' , the closing number of Life of Brian , which has grown to become a Python signature tune .
He served as National Security Advisor and later concurrently as Secretary of State in the Nixon Administration .
Details of this country are included within the article '' Land of Israel , '' and it is stated in the beginning of the article that in the Hebrew language , the phrase includes the '' land of Israel '' on both sides of the Jordan River .
His overseas box office appeal saved the domestic box office disappointment of Judge Dredd , which cost almost $ 100 million and barely made its budget back with a worldwide tally of $ 113 million .
In Christianity , iconoclasm has generally been motivated by a literal interpretation of the Ten Commandments , which forbid the making and worshipping of '' graven images '' , though the application of Biblical law in Christianity has always been in dispute .
By the middle of the 20th century , the second bridge was no longer able to handle the volume of traffic it received .
A standard ice hockey puck is black , 1 i thick , 3 i in diameter , and weighs between 5.5 a ; some pucks are heavier or lighter than standard ( see below ) .
In North America , examination levels include Newcomer , Bronze , Silver , Gold and Championship .
Nomenclature The French press goes by various names around the world .
This building has been rebuilt , but the tower dates from 1530 and the building is now known as Derby Cathedral .
Two of Adams ' uncles , Dominic and Patrick Adams , had been interned by the governments in Belfast and Dublin .
His second album , It 's Only Time , was released in 2006 after signing with Universal/Motown .
Reconstructor is a program that allows anyone to customize an ISO image of Ubuntu or its variants ( Kubuntu , Xubuntu ) ( create a remaster ) .
External links Beresford Municipal Telephone Company website The Beresford Republic - the city 's weekly newspaper Beresford School District website Beresford Library website Beresford History from the Union County Historical Society website Beresford History from the Regional Histories website .
Mrs. Kensington ( Mimi Rogers ) - Austin 's original side-kick in the 1960s .
The written form is more or less constant throughout Karnataka , however .
The Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court ( ECSC ) is a superior Court of record for the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States ( OECS ) , including six independent states : Antigua and Barbuda , the Commonwealth of Dominica , Grenada , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and three British Overseas Territories ( Anguilla , British Virgin Islands , and Montserrat ) .
McHenry is a city in McHenry County , Illinois , United States .
Robert F. Froehlke July 1 , 1971 - May 14 , 1973 Richard Nixon
The 1996-discovered subglacial Lake Vostok challenges both records ; it is estimated to be 200 to 600 m below sea level .
The gharial is not a man-eater and is sensitive towards humans .
Reaction and pursuit In the ensuing pandemonium inside Ford 's Theatre , Booth fled by a stage door to the alley , where his getaway horse was held for him by Joseph '' Peanuts '' Burroughs .
The DFZ was produced as an interim model , but in 1988 Cosworth created the DFV 's final evolution , the DFR , which soldiered on in F1 with smaller teams until 1991 , scoring its last points - including a pair of second places by Jean Alesi - with Tyrrell in 1990 .
The Social Democratic Party ( , PSD ) is a major political party of Romania .
Amelia Mary Earhart ( ) ; ( July 24 , 1897 -- missing July 2 , 1937 , declared dead January 5 , 1939 ) was a noted American aviation pioneer , and author .
Tahmasp II , 1723 -- 1732
Charles I , ( 19 November 1600 30 January 1649 ) , the second son of James VI and I , was King of England , Scotland and Ireland from 27 March , 1625 until his regicide .
The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award , or Super Bowl MVP , is an award presented annually to the most valuable player of the Super Bowl , the National Football League 's ( NFL ) championship game .
Steve Jablonsky ( born October 9 , 1970 ) is an American music composer for film , television and video games .
The Chancellor can not be removed from office during a four year term unless the Bundestag has agreed on a successor .
The 1944 Boat Race was raced on the River Great Ouse near Ely , the only time it has not been held on the River Thames , when it was won by Oxford .
Noted reproduction and fertility expert Dr Jack Cohen acted as a consultant on the book , designing the novel life cycle of the alien antagonists , the grendels .
It included most of the landmasses in today 's southern hemisphere , including Antarctica , South America , Africa , Madagascar , Australia-New Guinea , and New Zealand , as well as Arabia and the Indian subcontinent , which have now moved entirely into the Northern Hemisphere .
In the end Willie is harpooned and killed , but the narrator softens the blow by telling the viewers that he sings on in heaven .
In the elections of 27 September 2009 , her party , the CDU , obtained the largest share of the votes , and formed a coalition government with the CSU and the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
Calc is similar to Microsoft Excel , with a roughly equivalent range of features .
As of 2006 Census Bureau estimates , the population of the city is 31,119 .
In 1999 , he starred in the teen comedy 10 Things I Hate About You and in the acclaimed Australian crime film Two Hands , directed by Gregor Jordan .
Yelp was one of three projects , including Adzaar and Slide , to come out of the San Francisco incubator , MRL Ventures .
The barracuda is a salt water fish of the genus Sphyraena , the only genus in the family Sphyraenidae , and is found in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide .
Sharin Yamano is the pen name for a mangaka well-known for his writing Manga Kenkanryu ( Hate Korean Wave ) .
Tunnel of Love is the fourth EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on June 11 , 1996 by Psychopathic Records .
Wiley 's Well is easily accessible via the Wiley 's Well Road exit off Interstate 10 , sixteen miles\/26km west of Blythe .
At that moment , Alice dreams of living in a world of nonsense ( '' A World of My Own '' , as she explains and sings to her little kitten Dinah ) .
Hurricane Ioke ( also referred to as Typhoon Ioke , international designation : 0612 , JTWC designation : 01C , and sometimes called Super Typhoon Ioke ) was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Central Pacific .
Schrock 's work is ongoing with goals of furthering the understanding of metathesis selectivity , developing new catalyst architectures , as well as projects outside of metathesis , such as elucidating the mechanism of dinitrogen fixation and developing single molecule catalysts which form ammonia from dinitrogen , mimicking the activity of nitrogenase enzymes in biology .
He also criticized the animation and the plot .
The quart is a unit of volume ( for either the imperial or United States customary units ) equal to a quarter of a gallon , two pints , or four cups .
A geyser 's eruptive activity may change or cease due to ongoing mineral deposition within the geyser plumbing , exchange of functions with nearby hot springs , earthquake influences , and human intervention .
Struggling grimly to control his grief , Wilson took her to Rome for burial among her family .
The county and the city got their names from one of South Dakota 's greatest pioneer promoters , Wilmot Wood Brookings . Brookings set out for the Dakota Territory in June of 1857 .
However , they further show that any group of relatives may show high '' superorganismness '' , provided that there are many groups competing for the same resources .
Act 3 At the toll gate Peddlers pass through the barriers and enter the city .
Supposedly , two of Amin 's guards killed the former president Nur Muhammad Taraki with a pillow , and Amin was suspected to be a CIA agent .
Jasonville is a city in Greene County , Indiana , United States .
Their analysis showed that the old Cronquist system order of Urticales belongs within the Rosales .
After a traumatic experience that cost him over 70 % of his body in addition to his wife and daughter , he becomes a cyborg .
Kricogonia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae .
She remains known for her long relationship with Bob Dylan and her lifelong passion for activism , notably in the areas of nonviolence , civil and human rights and , more recently , the environment .
In return he was granted land which he named Hornsby Place .
History European explorers reached the district in 1822 ( Kearns , Marsh and Packer ) .
Alfred Lothar Wegener ( 1 November 1880 -- 2 November 1930 ) was a German scientist , geologist , and meteorologist .
Theories propounded at the time linked him with the princely House of Baden .
ACE is only officially released for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots ( 39 mph , 63 km/h ) or tropical storm strength , so Tropical Depression Sixteen does not have an ACE .
VOA was organized in 1942 under the Office of War Information with news programs aimed at areas in Japan and the south Pacific and in Europe and North Africa under the occupation of Nazi Germany .
The start of this process is commonly referred by Germans as die Wende ( The Turning Point . )
Orcas sometimes eat other marine mammals , including whales .
The Chinese Orthodox Church is an autocephalous Eastern Orthodox church in China .
They have a '' crown '' of solid tentacles whose cilia generate water currents that draw food particles towards the mouth , and both the mouth and anus lie inside the '' crown '' .
Gwadar was made a district on July 1 , 1977 when Makran Division was created and divided into three districts .
Both countries are members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference , the Like Minded Group , and the Group of 77 ; these relations strengthened when Sudan declared its ' support for Pakistan in the Indo-Pakistani Wars .
The brand was not transferred to Motors Liquidation Company as part of the GM bankruptcy in 2009 ; instead , it was retained by GM in order to investigate selling the brand .
Casals was an ardent supporter of the Spanish Republican government .
Boy is the debut album from Irish rock band U2 , released October 20 , 1980 .
On 1 January 2007 , Valery Gergiev became the LSO 's Principal Conductor .
Tomoo Kudaka ( 14 March 1963 - 22 September 1999 ) was a former Japanese football player .
Limerick , Ireland
Originally signed in 1929 in Warsaw ( hence the name ) , it was amended in 1955 at The Hague and in 1975 in Montreal .
The is for officer and first started during the violence of the 1970s and 1980s New York City .
Pairing with red wines is difficult , as any mushroominess or '' moldy '' taste will bring out the tannins of the wine .
The cyclone formed as a Cape Verde-type hurricane in early September and became the ninth named storm , the sixth hurricane , and the fourth major hurricane of the year .
Hans Enoksen ( born 7 August 1956 in Itilleq , GreenlandKalaallit Nunaata Radioa ( Greenlandic Broadcasting Corporation ) ) is a Greenlandic politician who served as the fourth Prime Minister of Greenland from 2002 to 2009 .
Restricted Such material would cause '' undesirable effects '' if publicly available .
Shire names in England Shires in England bearing the '' - shire '' suffix include : Bedfordshire , Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , Cambridgeshire , Cheshire , Derbyshire , Gloucestershire , Hampshire , Herefordshire , Hertfordshire , Huntingdonshire , Lancashire , Lincolnshire , Leicestershire , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire , Oxfordshire , Shropshire , Staffordshire , Warwickshire , Wiltshire , Worcestershire , and Yorkshire .
This field is only relevant for groups .
The description '' Polish '' refers to the nationality of logician Jan ukasiewicz , who invented ( prefix ) Polish notation in 1920s .
It also includes insect orders that are secondarily wingless ( that is , insect groups whose ancestors once had wings but that have lost them as a result of subsequent evolution ) .
Claudio Sala ( born 8 September 1947 in Macherio , Lombardy ) is an Italian former football player and current commentator .
Equality ( mathematics )
The road is designated unsuitable for caravans , trailers and semi-trailers due to its long , narrow , and steep descent down to McKillops Bridge which crosses the Snowy River near its juncture with the Deddick River .
In the 2007 Tour de France , he won a stage at the mountaintop finish of Plateau-de-Beille , and was second in the general classification to Michael Rasmussen .
The 1730s decade ran from January 1 , 1730 , to December 31 , 1739 .
Brighton , Massachusetts , a section of the city of Boston
Lunar oxygen isotopic ratios are essentially identical to Earth 's , with no evidence of a contribution from another solar body .
The Green Anaconda is one of the world 's longest snakes , reaching more than 5 m ( 17 ft ) long .
In 2001 the population of the civil parish of Fotherby was 437 .
Plans for a further investigation of the grounds are made for the years 2010 to 2015 .
Kamsky was a prodigy who reached the final of the FIDE World Chess Championship 1996 at the age of 22 , and reached a ranking of fourth in the world rankings in 1996 .
Goaria is a Marwari Rajasthani language spoken by some 25,000 people in Sindh Province , Pakistan .
Komodo dragons may attempt to speed up the process by ramming the carcass against a tree to force it down its throat , sometimes ramming so forcefully that the tree is knocked down .
David tells Saul he is prepared to face Goliath and Saul allows him to make the attempt .
Collectively known as the Revolution of 1848 .
The small intestine is where most chemical digestion takes place . Most of the digestive enzymes that act in the small intestine are secreted by the pancreas and enter the small intestine via the pancreatic duct .
William Cavendish , 4th Duke of Devonshire , KG , PC ( 8 May 1720 & ndash ; 2 October 1764 ) , styled Lord Cavendish before 1729 and Marquess of Hartington between 1729 and 1755 , was a British Whig statesman who was briefly titular Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Melissa '' Missy '' Peregrym ( born June 16 , 1982 ) is a Canadian actress and former fashion model .
A man from Churchill was arrested by police at 4:00 pm on 12 February , in relation to the Churchill fires , and was questioned at the Morwell police station , before being charged on 13 February with one count each of arson causing death , intentionally lighting a bushfire and possession of child pornography .
Bellrock is the southwest section of the city , bordered by Main Street on the east , Charles Street on the north , the Malden River on the west , and the Everett line on the south .
It originated in 678 or 679 with the foundation of an abbey dedicated to Saint Peter ( dissolved by King Henry VIII ) .
Roman remains can still be found in Assisi : city walls , the forum ( now Piazza del Comune ) , a theatre , an amphitheatre and the Temple of Minerva ( now transformed into the Church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva ) .
nicknames = The Bucs , The Buccos
His long-time catch phrase is '' How about a nice Hawaiian Punch ? ''
Sérignan-du-Comtat is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
The National Arts Centre Orchestra is an orchestra in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada 's capital .
Starting with domestication by protection of wild plants , it led to specialization of location and then full-fledged domestication .
George Boole ( ; 2 November 1815 -- 8 December 1864 ) was an English mathematician and philosopher .
Founded in 1895 , they became known after his death as the '' Henry Wood Promenade Concerts '' and are now the '' BBC Proms '' .
Engines were 1.4 8v Boxer , 1.6 8v Boxer , 1.7 16v Boxer & 1.9 Turbo Diesel
On June 19 , Benoit wrestled his last match , defeating Elijah Burke in a match to determine who would face CM Punk for the vacated ECW World Championship at Vengeance .
The Great Schism of Western Christianity or Papal Schism ( also known as the Western Schism ) was a split within the Roman Catholic Church from 1378 to 1417 .
These major disciplines use physics , chemistry , biology , chronology and mathematics to build a quantitative understanding of the principal areas or spheres of the Earth system .
She demurred and moved to Stockholm , learning to become a typist and stenographer ( and would later write most of her drafts in stenography ) .
It stands above the village of the same name . The castle dates back to the 11th century , and commands a gap in the Purbeck Hills on the route between Wareham and Swanage .
Much of Sokka 's dialog and actions are derived from improvisations and intentional exaggerations on DeSena 's part that the writers chose to include within scripts .
The '' Turing '' machine was described by Alan Turing in 1936 , who called it an '' a ( utomatic ) - machine '' .
Heckewelder , History , Manners and Customs of the Indian Nations who Once Inhabited Pennsylvania , p. 149 ff .
Trakai , Lithuania , since 1996
In Chicago , Lang recorded 54 points playing behind rookie standouts Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane ; Lang finished fourth in team scoring .
This Akkadian occupation was succeeded by an occupation during the third dynasty of Ur , and the constructions of Ur-Nammu , the great builder of temples , are superimposed immediately upon those of Naram-Sin .
Cheryl Ann Cole ( née Tweedy ; born 30 June 1983 ) is an English singer and member of the band Girls Aloud .
Anto Drobnjak ( born 21 September 1968 ) is a retired Montenegrin footballer .
Trough ( physics ) , the lowest point on a wave
USC Landhaus Wien is an women 's football club from Vienna , Austria .
An additional 28 gigawatts of direct geothermal heating capacity is installed for district heating , space heating , spas , industrial processes , desalination and agricultural applications .
Symbolically , the Mohawk were the guardians of the eastern door , as they were located in the east closest to the Hudson , and the Seneca were the guardians of the western door of the '' tribal longhouse '' , the territory they controlled in New York .
Rubidium oxide is the chemical compound with the formula Rb2O .
Esperanto was conceived as a language of international communication , more precisely as a universal second language .
During World War II , the Fort was used by the Office of the Commissioners of Crown Lands , having been evacuated from their central London offices .
The Glasgow Subway is an underground metro line in Glasgow , Scotland .
In 1938 , Claude Shannon showed how electric circuits with relays were a model for Boolean logic .
Nanteuil-la-Fosse is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
is a former Japanese association football player .
In Australia , Cowboy Bebop was first broadcast on pay-TV in 2002 on Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim .
Historically , Rio Grande do Norte has relied upon sugar and cattle for its livelihood .
They keep outer garments from being soiled by perspiration , urine , semen , feces , and other discharges ; shape the body ; and provide support for parts of it .
Later , it was included on Clarkson 's second album , Breakaway , being released again by RCA Records as the album 's first single .
S/2004 S 13 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
August 24 - Pluto is redesignated as a dwarf planet by the International Astronomical Union , joining and 1 Ceres .
In the U.S. , the game was manufactured and distributed by Atari .
In contrast , the eastern coastline is lush and well-watered , which produces a climate similar to the tropics .
Ko skowola literally translates as Horse 's Will .
In the nineteenth century the island was famous for its anchovies .
Atmospheric pressure is the force per unit area exerted against a surface by the weight of air above that surface in the Earth 's atmosphere .
Graphic arts is a term applied historically to the art of printmaking and drawing .
A prototype is an original type , form , or instance of something serving as a typical example , basis , or standard for other things of the same category .
A hereditary monarchy is the most common style of monarchy and is the form that is used by almost all of the world 's existing monarchies .
Also see categories : Cities in Florida , Towns in Florida , Georgia counties , : : : Alabama counties and Mississippi counties .
Snowball V , renamed '' Snowball II '' , is the Simpsons ' fifth cat and is almost identical in appearance to Snowball II .
September 2005 : Laubach Heimat Museum , Laubach , Germany .
Pitchfork Media ( 7.0 \/O/ 10 ) link
Many still question Park 's judgment , however , as his 1965 normalization of diplomatic relations with Japan had been extremely unpopular and resulted in widespread unrest as memories from Japan 's 36-year brutal colonization of Korea proved vivid .
It had a limited release in Canada and the United States on December 29 , 2006 , in Australia on January 18 , 2007 , in Taiwan on April 27 , 2007 , in Slovenia on May 17 , 2007 and in Japan on September 29 , 2007 .
Depending on the value of the parameter , one of the following banners will be displayed below the name .
Though now grammatically used as a noun , the term cathedral was originally the adjective in the phrase '' cathedral church '' , from the Latin ecclesia cathedralis .
Eizo Yuguchi ( born July 4 , 1945 -- February 2 , 2003 ) was a former Japanese football player who won the bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
The show features a large ensemble cast , and many historical figures appear as characters on the show -- such as Seth Bullock , Al Swearengen , Wild Bill Hickok , Sol Star , Calamity Jane , Wyatt Earp , E. B. Farnum , Charlie Utter and George Hearst .
The 15th underwent massive re-organisation in 1985 , but the updated , current version is still known as the 15th .
She later helped John Brown recruit men for his raid on Harpers Ferry , and in the post-war era struggled for women 's suffrage .
It is the second-oldest university in both England and the English-speaking world and the seventh-oldest globally .
Salmon , whitefish , moose , bear , waterfowl and berries are elements of the subsistence economy .
Poles , Hungarians , and Jews settled in Midwestern cities .
Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released November 9 , 2009 on Interscope Records in the United States .
The corpus cavernosum penis is one of a pair of sponge-like regions of erectile tissue which contain most of the blood in the penis during erection .
A small increase in the average number of viewers was observed for the season compared to the prior season , Survivor : Africa .
However , '' Control of the Knife '' is more inspired by reggae and ska , while '' Ca n't Speak French '' employs '' jazzy guitar changes '' and '' Black Jacks '' recall '' sixties psychedelica '' .
The British dug an underground trench leading to the house and waited for Chinnamalai and his brothers .
Chengdu and Mianyang are the production centers for textiles and electronics products .
This normal force , called the apparent weight , is the one that is measured by a spring scale .
Le Breuil-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Colleville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Passengers on the Explorer reported a loud '' bang '' at the time of impact , although others reported that there had been no noticeable impact , or at least nothing more than the normal crunching of ice experienced when sailing through icy waters .
References Further reading Archives Students for a Democratic Society ( S.D.S. ) , Records , 1965-74 .
m\/s , the SI derived unit
Each Braille character , or cell , is made up of six dot positions , arranged in a rectangle containing two columns of three dots each .
Rising from a lowly page at the court of the House of Stuart , he loyally served the Duke of York through the 1670s and early 1680s , earning military and political advancement through his courage and diplomatic skill .
List of rivers in Connecticut ( U.S. state ) , sorted by drainage basin .
There are several recognized subspecies within the brown bear species .
Being the largest river system in the state of Sonora , the Yaqui river is used for irrigation .
The object has a red-sloped reflectance spectrum in the visible and near-infrared , suggesting a surface rich in organic material such as tholins .
Rommel , for his part , was both complimentary and respectful of his foes .
Lisa is furious at Bart , thinking that his disclosure has turned her friends away .
It is in the genus Asclepias , making it a type of milkweed .
The T10 technical committee of the International Committee for Information Technology Standards ( INCITS ) develops and maintains the SAS protocol ; the SCSI Trade Association ( SCSITA ) promotes the technology .
Affligem is a municipality located some 20 km west-north-west of Brussels in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant , not far from the town of Aalst and the important railway junction of Denderleeuw .
Their name comes from the Greek phagein , ` to eat ' or ` devour ' , and kutos , ` hollow vessel ' .
The homeodomain protein motif is highly conserved across vast evolutionary distances .
After months of speculation , Creed reunited in 2009 for a tour and new album called Full Circle .
He was one of the earliest members of the Royal Society of Arts , helped found the Society of Artists , and , with Gainsborough , established the Royal Academy of Arts as a spin-off organization .
Instead , he insisted that '' the liberalism , anti-God media needs to be brought under the strict control of the FCC , and that as soon as possible . ''
Early life Belinda was born in Madrid , Spain on August 15 , 1989 to a Spaniard father , Ignacio Peregrin and a French mother , Belinda Schull .
They include ( R on the right bank , L on the left , looking downstream ) :
The NHL 's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion .
The Great Tit ( Parus major ) is a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae .
Pope Pius II consecrated the Duomo on August 29 , 1462 , during his long summer visit .
However , he does not touch a flag and reach a castle .
She has two siblings , a brother ( Sol , the sun ) and a sister ( Luna , the moon ) .
Type may refer to :
It is the main city of the region of East Frisia ; in 2006 , the city had a total population of 51,692 .
Variously referred to as Alyosha , Alyoshka , Alyoshenka , Alyoshechka , Alexeichik , Lyosha , and Lyoshenka , Aleksey at age 20 is the youngest of the Karamazov brothers .
Tiago Prado Nogueira , or simply Tiago Prado ( born 3 May 1984 ) , is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Chengdu Blades .
The word Quokka is derived from a Nyungar word , which was probably Gwaga .
'' Sunday Morning Call '' is not listed anywhere on the artwork but appears as a hidden track on Disc 2 , track 13 .
Villa Isabela
The Salt Marsh Moth or Acrea Moth ( Estigmene acrea ) is a North American moth in the family Arctiidae .
Hsu is featured in Enjoi 's skateboarding video , '' Bag of Suck '' , for which he won an award for best video part by Transworld Skateboarding magazine , in addition to a readers ' choice award .9 th Annual TWS Awards Best Video Part : Jerry Hsu , Bag Of SuckJerry Hsu Dominates The 9th Annual TransWorld SKATEboarding Awards Hsu also has his own promodel shoe with Emerica , the Hsu .
The album was released on March 29 , 1982 through EMI and on its sister label Capitol on the Harvest imprint in the US originally before it was re-released by Sanctuary\/Columbia in the US .
The Aldrich Dictionary of Phobias and Other Word Families .
The Ordovician , named after the Celtic tribe of the Ordovices , was defined by Charles Lapworth in 1879 to resolve a dispute between followers of Adam Sedgwick and Roderick Murchison , who were placing the same rock beds in northern Wales into the Cambrian and Silurian periods respectively .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
English art historian Douglas Cooper describes three phases of Cubism in his seminal book , The Cubist Epoch .
The city expanded rapidly as many freed slaves settled , accompanied by West Indian and African soldiers who had fought for Britain in the Napoleonic Wars .
Elizabeth of York ( 11 February 1466 -- 11 February 1503 ) was Queen consort of England as spouse of King Henry VII from 1486 until 1503 , and mother of King Henry VIII of England .
If Emperor Keitai began a new dynasty as some historians believe , then Buretsu is the last emperor of the first recorded dynasty of Japan .
Throughout its lifespan it remained the most expensive and most luxurious Renault available .
In addition to his solo work , Harrison co-wrote two hits for Ringo Starr , another ex-Beatle , as well as songs for the Traveling Wilburys -- the supergroup he formed in 1988 with Bob Dylan , Tom Petty , Jeff Lynne and Roy Orbison .
His posthumous name literally means '' benign virtue '' .
Later that day , Didius Julianus outmaneuvered Titus Flavius Sulpicianus ( Pertinax 's father-in-law and also the new City Prefect ) for the title of Emperor .
Aldous p. 60 The Courtauld-Sargent concerts , as they became known , were aimed at people who had not previously attended concerts .
Louvers originated in the Middle Ages as lantern-like constructions in wood that were fitted on top of roof holes in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow .
Square to circular area conversion is the area of the square in square units .
The unexpected success of '' Smells Like Teen Spirit '' in late 1991 propelled Nevermind to the top of the charts at the start of 1992 , an event often marked as the point where alternative rock entered the mainstream . '' Smells Like Teen Spirit '' was Nirvana 's first and biggest hit , reaching number six on the Billboard Hot 100 and placing high on music industry charts all around the world in 1991 and 1992 .
He continued to observe these celestial orbs from January 8 through March 2 .
Ryang Gyu-Sa ( born 3 June 1978 ) is a retired Zainichi Korean footballer who played for North Korea in 2000 AFC Asian Cup qualification .
From 1975 to 1977 , a long and expensive trial took place in a fortified building on the grounds of Stuttgart 's Stammheim prison .
Aside from these described species , there are approximately 100 more that have been collected and not yet described .
It was also the official global mobile phone carrier for the 2006 FIFA World Cup football tournament in Germany and sponsored its own cycling team , the T-Mobile Team .
The last centuries before the Roman invasion saw an influx of mixed Germanic-Celtic speaking refugees from Gaul ( approximately modern day France and Belgium ) known as the Belgae , who were displaced as the Roman Empire expanded around 50 BC .
They are best known for the hits '' The Letter , '' '' Neon Rainbow , '' '' Soul Deep , '' '' I Met Her in Church , '' and '' Cry Like A Baby , '' and are considered a major blue-eyed soul group of the period .
ISBN 0-85229-511-1 .
Tasmanian Devil While the region is best known for its convict history it is now the key area in the battle to save the Tasmanian Devil from extinction from a new type of contagious cancer called Devil facial tumour disease ( DFTD ) .
It was produced by David O. Selznick and directed by Victor Fleming from a screenplay by Sidney Howard .
In geometry , a pentagon ( from pente , which is Greek for the number 5 ) is any five-sided polygon . A pentagon may be simple or self-intersecting .
Luke Paul Young ( born 19 July 1979 ) is an English footballer , currently playing in the right back position for Aston Villa in the English Premier League , and is also currently an England international .
Niamey was probably founded in the eighteenth century , but was of little importance to most of the country until the French developed a colonial post in the 1890s .
He died after a cocaine overdose in 2004 .
A mail collar worn strapped around the neck was called a pixane or standard .
In North India and Pakistan , the caracal is locally known as syahgosh ( \/O/ ) or shyahgosh , which is a Persian-derived term meaning black ears .
Norman Steven Maciver ( born September 8 , 1964 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player . Maciver played in the National Hockey League as a member of the New York Rangers , Hartford Whalers , Edmonton Oilers , Ottawa Senators , Pittsburgh Penguins , and the Winnipeg Jets\/Phoenix Coyotes franchise .
The Australian mainland is made up of 5 states and 3 territories .
The players that play in this league are mainly professional .
Louis 's championship reign lasted 140 consecutive months , during which he participated in 27 championship fights , including 25 successful title defenses & ndash ; all records for the heavyweight division .
V leni River may refer to the following rivers in Romania :
Canton , Ohio , U.S.
Louis IV ( 10 September 920 - 30 September 954 ) , called d'Outremer or Transmarinus ( both meaning '' from overseas '' ) , reigned as King of Western Francia from 936 to 954 .
Rocks are classified by mineral and chemical composition , by the texture of the constituent particles and by the processes that formed them .
Other members over the years include Roger Corbett , Fred Kuhnl , drummer Gregory Martin , Steve Groves , Pete Farndon , Dave Mattacks , Michael Harris , Louis McManus , Eddy van Roosendael , Freddie Strauks ( ex Skyhooks ) and world renowned Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel .
Carnival of Carnage is the debut album of American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on October 18 , 1992 , by Psychopathic Records .
A daily ferry service with the harbor of Neuharlingersiel connects the island with the German mainland .
Mangla , a town 16 km from Mirpur , it is situated at the mouth of the Mangla Dam for which it is famous .
The lord-lieutenant is supported by a vice lord-lieutenant and deputy lieutenants that he or she appoints .
The museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
K-Meleon is a web browser for the Microsoft Windows platform .
It is the seat of the Vale of White Horse district .
Olivia Hack ( born June 16 , 1983 ) is an American voice actress best known for providing the voice of Rhonda Wellington Lloyd in Nickelodeon 's Hey Arnold !
The original 5th-century apse mosaic of the Santa Sabina was replaced by a very similar fresco by Taddeo Zuccari in 1559 .
Measuring aether Physics theories of the late 19th century postulated that , just as water waves must have a medium to move across ( water ) , and audible sound waves require a medium to move through ( such as air or water ) , so also light waves require a medium , the '' luminiferous aether '' .
Whether or not a significant number of computer failures occurred when the clocks rolled over into 2000 remains in dispute .
Despite the speech 's prominent place in the history and popular culture of the United States , the exact wording of the speech is disputed .
The city 's area is 155.54 km ( 60 square miles ) , population in 2005 : 103,005 .
These bound tablets were then usually placed beneath the ground : either buried in graves or tombs , thrown into wells or pools , sequestered in underground sanctuaries , or nailed to the walls of temples .
United Kingdom The UK has a large mixed-race population , which constitutes for around 1.4 % of the population ( or some 850,000 people ) .
He died at age 81 on October 16 , 1553 , at Weimar , where the house in which he lived still stands in the marketplace .
The club 's top league goalscorer is Ray Crawford , who scored 203 goals between 1958 and 1969 , while Ted Phillips holds the record for the most goals scored in a season , 41 in the 1956 - 57 season in Division Three ( South ) .
RKO Radio Pictures put the film into general release on February 4 , 1938 , and it went on to become a major box-office success , making more money than any other motion picture in 1938 .
Eadred ( also Edred , Aedred , etc. ) was the King of England from 946 until his death in 955 .
-- )
Umbriel , along with another Uranian satellite , Ariel , was discovered by William Lassell on October 24 , 1851 .
They had three children , Blanca ( who died in 1886 ) , Laura ( a painter ) , and Alfonso ( who played for Real Madrid in the early 1900s before embarking on a career as a diplomat ) .
A potluck is a gathering of people where each person is expected to bring a dish of food to be shared among the group .
The rhombencephalon ( or hindbrain ) is a developmental categorization of portions of the central nervous system in vertebrates .
Emperor Tiberius retires to Capri , leaving the Praetorian Guard under Lucius Aelius Sejanus in charge of the Roman Empire and the city of Rome .
The only exception was in the Season Four episode '' Superstar '' , which featured a long shot of Jonathan Levinson , and frequent other clips of Jonathan , in reference to the episode .
Oda has also lived in Ontario , Canada , while training at the Mariposa School of Skating , and in Hackensack , New Jersey , while training under coach Nikolai Morozov .
Considering when this text was published , it thoroughly covers the four phases of matter '' known '' at the time .
Each lichen is a flat patch bordered by a black line of spores .
'' Eleanor Rigby '' combines Paul McCartney 's brand of lyrical imagery with a string octet ( a conventional string quartet , doubled ) arranged by George Martin under McCartney 's direction .
Strong wind shear ( which disrupts cyclone formation ) and a lack of weather disturbances favorable for tropical cyclone development make any hurricane-strength cyclones extremely rare .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia ( present-day znik in Turkey ) by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
spica , latifolia ) , until Linnaeus combined them , believing the name lavandula derived from the Latin ` lavare ' to wash , referring to the use of infusions of the plants .
He served in various supervisory roles with the DAV in the 1970s and 1980s :
Edip Yuksel 's official site
Hammond 2000 , p. 233 .
The Sea of Galilee , also Lake of Gennesaret , Lake Kinneret , Sea of Tiberias or Tiberias Lake ( , ) , located near the Golan Heights , is the largest freshwater lake in Israel , and it is approximately 53 km ( 33 miles ) in circumference , about 21 km ( 13 miles ) long , and 13 km ( 8 miles ) wide .
The main languages spoken in Pretoria include Tswana , Afrikaans , Ndebele , and English .
Legault decided to replace the Champ Car race with races from the Grand American Road Racing Association 's Rolex Series and NASCAR 's Nationwide Series , respectively - the latter series ' first race north of the Canadian-United States border .
The festival was planned in just seven weeks by promoter Lou Adler , John Phillips of The Mamas & the Papas , producer Alan Pariser , and publicist Derek Taylor .
The team was founded in 1972 in Atlanta , Georgia as the Atlanta Flames , and moved to Calgary in 1980 .
It is directly on the A61 , the former Roman road Ryknield Street .
Up is defined in Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays .
In 1974 , Pirelli invented the '' wide radial tyre '' , upon a request from the Lancia rally racing team for a tyre strong enough to withstand the power of the new Lancia Stratos .
In the May 10 election , Roberts got 39 % of the votes and Marsh got 27 % of the vote .
She did a three-month residency at Clark Monroe 's Uptown House in New York in 1937 .
Reservoir Dogs is a video game based on the Quentin Tarantino film of the same name .
Geologists now attribute its formation to submarine avalanches or strong turbidity currents .
They also , in some men , can be lifted the same way by tightening the anus and pelvic muscles , doing Kegel exercises .
Genus Scotinomys - Brown Mice
Galena is located at ( 42.418171 , -90.431472 ) . According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 3.7 m. Galena is situated along the Galena River , which is one of many tributaries of the Mississippi River .
Developed by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive , the game was originally released for PlayStation , Windows 95 in November 1997 , Macintosh in 1998 and on the PlayStation Network in 2009 .
Reception Charlotte 's Web was generally well-reviewed when it was released .
Thrash Hits Ultra Beatdown review .
The monastery 's scriptorium was also a major site for the production of manuscripts .
Den Helder occupies the northernmost point of the North Holland peninsula .
Their most successful records are Arise (/O1991/O) , Chaos A.D. (/O1993/O) , and Roots (/O1996/O) , Colmatti 1997 , page 22 .
A Molotov cocktail is a glass bottle containing a flammable substance such as petrol fuel or napalm , usually with a source of ignition such as a burning cloth wick held in place by the bottle 's stopper .
In those cases the rank of grand cross may come after another rank ( e.g. the Portuguese Order of Saint James of the Sword ) .
Richard Cromwell , Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland ( 1658 - 1659 ) .
The German word Leiter means leader , whilst Gau was an old word for a region of the German Reich , once ruled by a Frankish Gaugraf ; it translates most closely to the English shire .
The term '' performing arts '' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711 .
Ben Folds Five was an alternative rock trio formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill , North Carolina .
Argentina , Finland , Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes , Brazil , Monaco competed as nations at the Olympic Games for the first time .
December 24 & ndash ; Pope Boniface VIII succeeds Pope Celestine V as the 193rd pope after Celestine V abdicates the papacy on December 13 , only 5 months after reluctantly accepting his surprise election on July 5 , wishing to return to his life as an ascetic hermit .
In England , in the Anglo-Saxon period , Shires were established as areas used for the raising of taxes , and usually had a fortified town at their centre .
It is the largest town of the wider Borough of Boston local government district and has a total population of 58,124 .
Tincture of iodine is a disinfectant , usually 2-7 % elemental iodine , along with potassium iodide or sodium iodide , dissolved in a mixture of ethanol and water .
Mathematical physics refers to development of mathematical methods for application to problems in physics .
Lido Anthony '' Lee '' Iacocca ( ; born October 15 , 1924 ) is an American businessman known for the unsuccessful Ford Pinto , being fired from Ford Motor Company , and his revival of the Chrysler Corporation in the 1980s .
Fable II is an action role-playing game ( RPG ) in the Fable game series developed by Lionhead Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Xbox 360 . The sequel to Fable and Fable : The Lost Chapters , it was originally announced in 2006 and released in October 2008 .
Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department , Colombia .
Along the park 's borders however , these are known as Central Park North , Central Park South , and Central Park West , respectively .
-- length of TMB lines -- length of FCG lines
Olivia is still the third strongest September hurricane .
Poitier was aware of this pattern himself , but was conflicted on the matter : he wanted more varied roles , but also felt obliged to set a good example with his characters to defy previous stereotypes as he was the only major black actor in the American film industry at the time .
For the championship that is currently being defended in WWE , see WWE Divas Championship .
Annual herbaceous plants die completely at the end of the growing season or when they have flowered and fruited , and they then grow again from seed .
The next-farthest out , Larissa was originally discovered in 1981 when it had occulted a star .
He formed the band Tool with Adam Jones shortly thereafter .
Albert Brooks guest starred as Jacques , a French bowling instructor , with him being credited as '' A. Brooks '' .
On 23 May 1998 the Agreement was endorsed by the voters of Northern Ireland in a referendum .
The atlas is the topmost vertebra , and along with the Axis forms the joint connecting the skull and spine .
Edmund Strother Phelps , Jr. ( born July 26 , 1933 ) is an American economist and the winner of the 2006 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences .
Uvular consonants are not found in most dialects of English , though they are found in many Semitic , Caucasian , and Turkic languages , as well as several languages of Western Europe such as German , French , Portuguese , and a few Celtic languages .
Variously , in jurisprudence , a natural person is a human being , as opposed to an artificial , legal or juristic person , i.e. , an organization that the law treats for some purposes as if it were a person distinct from its members or owner .
The car races in Mercedes ' traditional silver colors and retains Brawn GP sponsor MIGfx and adds investment group Aabar to its roster of sponsors .
The Scissor-tailed Flycatcher ( Tyrannus forficatus ) is a long-tailed insect-eating bird closely related to the kingbirds .
The Greater Berlin Act was passed by the Prussian parliament on 27 April 1920 and came into effect on 1 October of the same year .
The Barbados national football team , nicknamed Bajan Pride , is the national association football team of Barbados and is controlled by the Barbados Football Association .
There isnt one , Go away
Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Republic of Uganda ( or ) is a landlocked country in East Africa .
The Biellmann position is also used as a spiral position and as a position in ice dancing lifts .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1998/1999 season was contested by 18 teams .
Pomona is the fifth largest city in Los Angeles County , California ( after Los Angeles , Long Beach , Glendale , and Santa Clarita ) . Pomona is located in between the Inland Empire and the San Gabriel Valley .
The older larvae are solitarty and are almost all green except for 4 red knobs above the thorax and 1 yellow knob on the eighth abdominal segment .
She asks Drood 's Christian name , and he replies that it is ` Edwin ' ; she says he is fortunate it is not ` Ned , ' for ` Ned ' is in great danger .
Furthermore , this cathedral contains examples of some of the earliest and best Quattrocento paintings of the Iberian Peninsula , by artists from Rome engaged by the Valencian Pope Alexander VI who , when still a cardinal , made the request to elevate the Valencian See to the rank of metropolitan see , a category granted by Pope Innocent VIII in 1492 .
Thomas Henry Huxley PC FRS ( 4 May 1825 - 29 June 1895 ) was an English biologist , known as '' Darwin 's Bulldog '' for his advocacy of Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution .
GateWay Community College , Phoenix
Band members are Nathan Willett ( lead vocals , piano , guitar ) , Jonnie Russell ( guitar , vocals , percussion ) , Matt Maust ( bass guitar ) , and Matt Aveiro ( drums ) .
Earthsea became the setting for a further six books , beginning with A Wizard of Earthsea , first published in 1968 , and continuing with The Tombs of Atuan , The Farthest Shore , Tehanu , Tales from Earthsea and The Other Wind .
The Pug Dog Club of America was founded in 1931 and recognized by the AKC that same year .
Périers - en-Auge is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
These original officers were known as Bridgemen , nine of whom were later promoted to the rank of Bridgemaster , or Sergeant .
The Class 221 are similar to the Class 220 Voyager units , but they have a tilting mechanism offering up to six degrees of tilt to allow faster speeds on curved tracks .
Although total monetary damage from the storm is unknown , estimates of losses in Havana , Cuba exceed $ 1 million and in the Florida Keys , $ 250,000 .
The 1138 Aleppo earthquake was an earthquake that was located near the town of Aleppo in northern Syria on 11 October 1138 .
The Portuguese Man O ' War is infamous for swarming in groups of thousands and for their painful stings .
Disney sold the franchise in 2005 to Henry and Susan Samueli , who changed the name of the team to the Anaheim Ducks before the 2006 - 07 season .
Synopsis Stories were set in a squalid house where the students lived during their time at Scumbag College .
The Mistresses of Henry VIII by Kelly Hart However , she managed to reconcile with the King after vowing that she had only argued about religion with him to take his mind off the suffering caused by his ulcerous leg .
Known today as the Dreyfus Affair , the incident eventually ended with Dreyfus 's complete exoneration .
They have large padded paws for walking on snow , and long whiskers on the face .
Benzenschwil is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The 42nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics , it was written and directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois , and features the voices of Sanders , Daveigh Chase , Tia Carrere , David Ogden Stiers , Kevin McDonald , Ving Rhames , and Jason Scott Lee .
Christ Church Cathedral - Miscellany
Like many World Heritage sites around the world , including Yellowstone National Park , Serengeti National Park , Stonehenge , Pompeii and Herculaneum and the Pyramids of Egypt - a park use fee will help maintain world-best management practices and facilities for the more than 200,000 visitors who experience Kakadu each year .
While the median household income has increased 30 % since 1990 , it has increased only slightly when considering inflation .
It was in the 1688 Romanian Bible where it was called '' Iosip '' but is not printed in the Orthodox Bible today .
He reigned from 1670 to 1723 , and was the elder son of Grand Duke Ferdinando II .
This Preface to Lyrical Ballads is considered a central work of Romantic literary theory .
Mongolia ( ; ) is a landlocked country in East and Central Asia .
He gained fame as the principal songwriter , lyricist , bass player , co-lead vocalist and one of the founding members of the rock band Pink Floyd .
It is the dominant form of Islam in Oman .
The Fox and the Hound is a 1981 animated feature produced by Walt Disney Productions which premiered in the United States on July 10 , 1981 .
She was buried at Westminster Abbey .
Its first editor was Brendan Fitzgerald .
Bonn 's international airport is Cologne Bonn Airport .
is a technology-related news website owned by Geeknet , Inc. .
Tanmay FROM BEDFORD SCHOOL IN YR 10 thinks balls smell so good so good and likes to suck on KAY
William Jefferson '' Bill '' Clinton ( born William Jefferson Blythe III , August 19 , 1946 ) was the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
A few manufacturers have marketed combined duvet sets consisting of two duvets ; one of approximately 4.5 tog and one of approximately 9.5 tog .
Blake has also written numerous books of his own .
By the middle of the sixth century BC , the Persian Empire of the Achaemenid Persians overthrew the Median Empire and incorporated Afghanistan ( known as Arachosia to the Greeks ) within its boundaries .
Operations The Chair of the IPCC is Rajendra K. Pachauri , elected in May 2002 ; previously Robert Watson headed the IPCC .
Social science
The four largest moons of Jupiter all orbit within the magnetosphere , which protects them from the solar wind .
During the collision of small objects , kinetic energy is first converted to potential energy associated with a repulsive force between the particles ( when the particles move against this force , i.e. the angle between the force and the relative velocity is obtuse ) , then this potential energy is converted back to kinetic energy ( when the particles move with this force , i.e. the angle between the force and the relative velocity is acute ) .
The capital is Layyah .
It is also , uniquely , the chapel of Christ Church , the largest college of the University of Oxford .
Grover is undercover once again , this time at a military school , where he discovers two children , Nico and Bianca Di Angelo , that he suspects are half-bloods .
Pontru is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Modern merchandising See also Throwback uniform History of baseball team nicknames ( includes further detail about major league team uniforms and colors ) Notes Marc Okkonen , Baseball Uniforms of the 20th Century : The Official Major League Baseball Guide , 1991 .
The Island of Maui is also called the '' Valley Isle '' for the large isthmus between its northwestern and southeastern volcanoes .
Along the way she trounced Keith McCready 11 - 3 ( at the time the 17th-ranked male player by money list , and who guest-starred as obnoxious hustler '' Grady Seasons '' in the 1986 film The Color of Money ) .
This is the reason chapters in recent reproductions and translations of works of these periods are often presented as '' Book 1 '' , '' Book 2 '' , etc. ( such as the books of the Bible ) .
Neodymium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol Nd and atomic number 60 .
However , its legal status is currently less restrictive in some other countries such as Canada , with investigations and regulations pending under European Union laws .
Following the earthquake , donations were made by people from all over mainland China , with booths set up in schools , at banks , and around gas stations .
The club crest features the Mayflower , the London-based ship , which carried the pilgrims to Massachusetts . Former League club Boston United are also known as the Pilgrims and feature the Mayflower on its badge ; Boston was the starting point on the Pilgrims journey .
Golden Jubilee and beyond In 2002 , Elizabeth marked her Golden Jubilee as queen .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where he competes on the Raw brand .
Hooker made his first recordings , in 1952 and 1953 for small record labels , Rockin ' , King , and Sun .
The Real Time Streaming Protocol ( RTSP ) is a network control protocol designed for use in entertainment and communications systems to control streaming media servers .
Signage upgrades at regional railway stations have started from October 2006 .
A present day example is the Sovereign Military Order of Malta , which is a United Nations observer , has bi-lateral diplomatic relations with 104 states , while having no territory since 1798 and possessing only extraterritorial areas since ( i.e. embassies and consulates ) .
Pithon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The game is set in the science fictional universe of the Halo series in the year 2531 , 21 years before the events of ' .
A phenotype is any observable characteristic or trait of an organism : such as its morphology , development , biochemical or physiological properties , behavior , and products of behavior ( such as a bird 's nest ) .
June 17 & ndash ; King Charles XII of Sweden ( d. 1718 )
A proposed phylogeny of the Papilionidae is given below : Reed , Robert D. and Sperling , Felix A. H. 2006 .
As the Isle of Man is a Crown dependency , the arms are more accurately described as The Arms of Her Majesty in right of the Isle of Man .
Yuichiro Nagai is a Japanese football ( soccer ) player .
History Formation and rising popularity ( 1999 -- 2004 ) Russell Lissack and Kele Okereke first met in 1998 in Essex .
Ben Shepherd ( born Hunter Benedict Shepherd , on September 20 , 1968 ) is an American musician , two-time Grammy Award Winner and best known for playing bass in the grunge band Soundgarden from 1990 until the band 's 1997 break-up .
In the novel The Convicts by Iain Lawrence , young Tom Tin is sent to Van Diemen 's Land on charges of murder Van Dieman 's Land is mentioned in James De Mille 's A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder .
This is a crystalline piece of semiconductor material connected to two electrical terminals .
In Week 16 , Leinart went down with a shoulder injury against the 49ers , forcing Warner to see his first action since Week 4 .
Kari ( ; in Icelandic , ) , or Saturn XLV ( provisional designation S\/2006 S 2 ) , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
The founding manifesto did not contain a positive artistic program , which the Futurists attempted to create in their subsequent Technical Manifesto of Futurist Painting .
Rumors of Anastasia 's survival were embellished with various contemporary reports of trains and houses being searched for ` Anastasia Romanov ' by Bolshevik soldiers and secret police .
In heraldry , azure is the tincture with the color blue , and belongs to the class of tinctures called '' colors '' .
Hubersent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
All 16 castaways arrived on what was later revealed as Exile Island for the start of the game .
Chrono Trigger won multiple awards from Electronic Gaming Monthly 's 1995 video game awards , including Best Role-Playing Game , Best Music in a Cartridge-Based Game , and Best Super NES Game .
The official seat of the National Assembly is the Palais Bourbon on the banks of the river Seine ( ) ; the Assembly also uses other neighbouring buildings , including the Immeuble Chaban-Delmas on the rue de l'Universit é ( ) .
Due to their unsafe nature the chalk-workings are not open to the public , although viewing has been granted to individuals .
The phrase '' survival of the fittest '' has become widely used in popular literature as a catchphrase for any topic related or analogous to evolution and natural selection .
Alicia was the first storm for which the National Hurricane Center issued landfall probabilities .
Ve ( , ) is the third letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the sound .
Brithenig is an invented language , or constructed language ( '' conlang '' ) .
Abbey died in 1989 at the age of 62 at his home in Tucson , Arizona .
The Touran received a facelift at the 2006 Paris Motor Show .
Additional contributions by Weinberg to statistical genetics included the first estimate of the rate of twinning - Realizing that identical twins would have to be same-sex , while dizygotic twins could be either same or opposite sex , Weinberg derived the formula for estimating the frequency of monozygotic and dizygotic twins from the ratio of same sex and opposite twins to the total of maternities .
In 1996 the Archbishop of Canterbury conferred a Lambeth Doctorate of Music upon him in recognition of his contribution to church music .
From 1911 on , Rij-Rousseau exhibited her works in Salon d'Automne , Salon des Indépendants and Salon Tuileries .
They both are normally eaten for breakfast dipped in hot chocolate .
Some mathematics is only relevant in the area that inspired it , and is applied to solve further problems in that area .
Of the thirty-nine elements of section 51 , a few have become critical in determining the scope of Commonwealth government action , including the Trade and Commerce Power , the Corporations Power and the External Affairs Power .
Griffith concluded that the type II-R had been '' transformed '' into the lethal III-S strain by a '' transforming principle '' that was somehow part of the dead III-S strain bacteria .
Rions is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In November 2005 , DreamWorks Animation announced that Dustin Hoffman , Jackie Chan , Lucy Liu and Ian McShane would join Jack Black in the cast .
In the Joseon Dynasty jjigae was called by the ancient name jochi and two varieties would always be present on the King 's surasang .
By the mid-1930s , Rogers was adored by the American people , and was the top-paid movie star in Hollywood at the time .
Remini (/O2000/O) , p. 51 cites 1820 census ; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source .
The Italian force attacking British Somaliland in August 1940 was commanded by Lieutenant General Guglielmo Nasi , General Officer Commanding Eastern Sector . The force included twenty-three colonial battalions in five brigades , three Blackshirt battalions , and three bands ( bande ) of native troops .
Together , he and Ilse struggle against racist Army officers and policies to sustain a relationship that some white soldiers condemn ( although there are also many friendly whites who help them ) .
He trains in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu five days a week .
The name is thought to derive from a Kyrgyz word for a churn used to make fermented mare 's milk ( kumis ) , the Kyrgyz national drink .
Dumont is a city in Butler County , Iowa , United States .
Manuel Neuer ( ; born 27 March 1986 in Gelsenkirchen ) is a German footballer and the current goalkeeper and captain of Schalke 04 .
In October 1629 , the plague reached Milan , Lombardy 's major commercial center .
Its place in evolutionary theory comes under long-term trends or directional evolution .
BTS Skytrain and -- Siam station has a skybridge linked to Siam Paragon 's M floor .
He is well known by his nickname '' Bomber '' .
Montigny-le-Franc is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Phosphorus oxide can refer to :
In book four , a door to the Labyrinth of Daedalus is discovered in the woods of Camp Half-Blood .
She debuted in 1997 in the video game Voice Fantasia and for several years had minor roles in various anime .
Dolphins are among the most intelligent animals and their often friendly appearance and seemingly playful attitude have made them popular in human culture .
Extracting foreign objects such as insects , leaves , dirt or twigs , are all forms of grooming .
With the death of Jelckama and the rebels , the rebellion of Frisia came to an end .
He was a record-setting quarterback , and the National Football League 's most valuable player in 1959 , 1964 and 1967 .
The type has been produced in side valve , overhead valve and overhead cam configurations .
The problem with using more disks is that it is more likely that one will fail , but by using error checking the total system can be made more reliable by being able to survive and repair the failure .
If they are considering unblock , administrative etiquette requires they let the blocking admin know and have an opportunity to respond .
TUTTs are different from mid-latitude troughs in the sense that they are maintained by subsidence warming near the tropopause which balances radiational cooling .
Orion , often referred to as The Hunter , is a prominent constellation located on the celestial equator and visible throughout the world .
Its construction began in 1611 , and its splendor is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-color mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .
The French Wikipedia ( ) is the French language edition of Wikipedia , spelled Wikipédia .
This article is about the peninsula located in the Australian state of Queensland ; it should not be confused with either Yorke Peninsula in South Australia , or Cape York , Greenland .
Fife Circle Line , Scotland
See also Moses Atenism Great Hymn to the Aten Kefa Makhshava Shiblon Amun Pharaoh of the Exodus Inti References Citations General Collier , Mark and Manley , Bill .
Cowpox is similar to but much milder than the highly contagious and sometimes deadly smallpox disease .
The format was essentially the same as the European format .
According to the fictional universe first established by Slayer , the ` Buffyverse , ' Angel was born in 18th century Ireland ; after being turned into a soulless , immortal vampire , he became legendary for his evil acts , until a band of wronged Gypsies punished him by restoring his soul , overwhelming him with guilt .
The total area is 35.19 km which gives a population density of 311 inhabitants per km .
Geographers disagree on the Southern Ocean 's northern boundary or even its existence , with some considering the waters part of the South Pacific , South Atlantic , and Indian Oceans instead .
She was active as a natural doctor occasaionally from early years , but eventually , her father forced her to marry a farmer , Anders Olsson , in 1807 .
iWork is an office suite of desktop applications created by Apple for the Mac OS X and iOS operating systems .
Loker has changed as the result of being healed by the Quakers .
In 1900 , Baum and Denslow ( with whom he shared the copyright ) published The Wonderful Wizard of Oz to much critical acclaim and financial success .
In 1975 , Bowie achieved his first major American crossover success with the number-one single '' Fame '' , co-written with John Lennon , and the hit album Young Americans , which the singer characterised as '' plastic soul '' .
Genus Sylvilagus Gray 1867
Usually known as just Gordon Childe , he was perhaps best known for his excavation of the unique Neolithic site of Skara Brae in Orkney and for his Marxist views which influenced his thinking about prehistory .
Possible treatments for circadian rhythm sleep disorders include :
Anastasia 's older sister , Maria , reportedly hemorrhaged in December 1914 during an operation to remove her tonsils , according to her paternal aunt Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia , who was interviewed later in her life .
The weather usually clears quickly after a front 's passage .
Born in Tuscumbia , June 27 , 1880 .
Handel also had a long association with the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden , where many of his Italian operas were premiered .
This National Folk Museum of Korea is a national museum of South Korea .
A closet rod sagging under the weight of clothes on clothes hangers is an example of a beam experiencing bending .
It is a sister group of the jawless craniates Agnatha .
Saxis is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
Belmont University is a private , coeducational , liberal arts university located in Nashville , Tennessee , United States .
The IRE concerned mostly radio engineering , and was formed from two smaller organizations , the Society of Wireless and Telegraph Engineers and the Wireless Institute .
Torah Christianity and Judaism Biblical law in Christianity References Further reading Kuntz , John Kenneth .
Karl survived the war and ten years as a captive of the Russians from 1945 to 1955 .
Local officials estimate that 20 % to 40 % of the town 's population is dead .
To ensure that the Space Pirates can never obtain any more Metroids , the Galactic Federation sends several teams to the Metroids ' home planet , SR388 , to destroy them once and for all . However , when none of the teams survive , the Galactic Federation contracts Samus to finish the mission .
The novel was included in Time magazine 's '' 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005 '' .
It is spoken by various tribes of the Adyghe people : Abzekh , Adamey , Bzhedugh ; Hatukuay , Kemirgoy , Makhosh ; Natekuay , Shapsigh ; Zhane , Yegerikuay , each with its own dialect .
The queen died fourteen years later , after bearing Christian six children .
The Blackhawks played the then Stanley Cup champions , the Detroit Red Wings , for the Western Conference Championship .
Thongchai McIntyre was born in Bangkok in 1958 to parents James and Udom McIntyre .
The title has been defunct since the Republic of Turkey abolished the Ottoman Caliphate in 1924 , although some individuals and groups have called for its restoration .
He played college hockey for the Minnesota Golden Gophers of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association ( WCHA ) for three seasons .
Not to be confused with David Edgar Edgar Steven Davids ( born 13 March 1973 ) is a Dutch professional footballer .
For the similar Latin American channel , see Warner Channel .
The term PAL is often used informally to refer to a 625-line\/50 Hz ( 576i ) television system , and to differentiate from a 525-line\/60 Hz ( 480i ) NTSC system .
However , the name for the letter in the Phoenician , Hebrew , Aramaic and Arabic alphabets is nun , which means '' fish '' in some of these languages .
The food usually takes a backseat to the presentation of the theme , and these restaurants attract customers solely on the premise of the theme itself .
In the wild , chinchillas have been observed eating plants , fruits , seeds , and small insects .
Edmund Spenser ( c. 1552 -- 13 January 1599 ) was an English poet best known for The Faerie Queene , an epic poem and fantastical allegory celebrating the Tudor dynasty and Elizabeth I/O. He is recognized as one of the premier craftsmen of Modern English verse in its infancy , and one of the greatest poets in the English language .
The International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA )
Originally designed as an ICBM in the late 1950s , Atlas was the foundation for a family of successful space launch vehicles now built by United Launch Alliance .
The Saints ' Way ( ) is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
It 's based on a scenario when I was going through a breakup with a girl .
The effect is one-way : germ cells produce somatic cells and are not affected by anything the somatic cells learn or therefore any ability the body acquires during its life .
A leading legal theoretician , he was one of the six original justices appointed by George Washington to the Supreme Court of the United States .
Hernando de Soto ( c. 1496\/1497 -- 1542 ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador who , while leading the first European expedition deep into the territory of the modern-day United States , was the first European documented to have crossed the Mississippi River .
The ensuing two-game , total-goal playoff series against the Toronto Maple Leafs was series of contrasts , as the Bruins lost 8 - 6 .
The sermon also contains the Lord 's Prayer and the injunctions to '' resist not evil '' ( ) and '' turn the other cheek '' , as well as a version of the Golden Rule .
The body of precedent is called '' common law '' and it binds future decisions .
Although Chinese-derived Confucian concepts such as loyalty and filial piety were certainly extolled in Japanese texts from the medieval period , the actual term bushid is extremely rare in ancient texts , and does not even appear in famous texts supposedly describing this code , such as the Hagakure of Yamamoto Tsunetomo .
Graceland is a large white-columned mansion and estate that was home to Elvis Presley in Memphis .
The President of the Republic of Indonesia ( ) is the Head of State as well as the Head of the Government of the Republic of Indonesia .
Although an individual coin toss or the roll of a die is a random event , if repeated many times the sequence of random events will exhibit certain statistical patterns , which can be studied and predicted .
Binary fission , or prokaryotic fission , is the form of asexual reproduction and cell division used by all prokaryotic and some eukaryotic organisms .
The Isles of Scilly ( ; or Enesek Syllan ) form an archipelago off the southwestern tip of the Cornish peninsula of Great Britain .
Green development
Valeri Brainin ( aka Willi Brainin and Brainin-Passek , ( Valeri Borissovich Brainin ) ) , Russian\/German musicologist , music manager , composer , and poet .
Neuvillalais is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Hall .
Seillonnaz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Indications Diazepam is mainly used to treat anxiety , insomnia , and symptoms of acute alcohol or opiate withdrawal .
The name of the award came from the year of the Rooster in 1981 .
The city , made prominent by its medieval university , has a population of just under 165,000 , with 151,000 living within the district boundary .
On the death of Queen Victoria on 22 January 1901 , George 's father , Albert Edward , ascended the throne as King Edward VII .
Network Rail is a British '' not for dividend '' entity , technically a private company limited by guarantee , whose principal asset is Network Rail Infrastructure Limited , a company limited by shares .
Robert Ludlum ( May 25 , 1927 New York City -- March 12 , 2001 Naples , Florida ) was an American author of 25 thriller novels .
Republics which exclude sections of the populace from participation will typically claim to represent all citizens ( by defining people without the vote as '' non-citizens '' ) .
Because he was a Orthodox Christian , he said that things like Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution were making the Baptist Union weak .
Our World ; or , The Democrat 's Rule .
.
Media studies draw on traditions from both the social sciences and the humanities , and overlap in interests with related disciplines like mass communication , communication , communication sciences and communication studies .
The plot they described corresponds with the first and second episodes of the series , where the '' water people '' ( Katara and Sokka ) rescue the '' air guy '' ( Aang ) while '' trapped in a snowy wasteland '' ( the Southern Water Tribe ) with '' some fire people ( that ) are pressing down on them '' ( Fire Nation Troops and Zuko ) .
Isabella Mary Beeton ( née Mayson ) ( 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 ) , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
The Bismarck Archipelago is a group of islands off the northeastern coast of New Guinea in the western Pacific Ocean and is part of the Islands Region of Papua New Guinea .
Fossils of cyanobacterial mats ( stromatolites , which were instrumental in creating the free oxygen in the atmosphere ) are found throughout the Archean , becoming especially common late in the eon , while a few probable bacterial fossils are known from chert beds .
In modern literature , the Don is often featured in the works of Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov , a writer from the stanitsa of Veshenskaya .
Raydon Mill dates from some time after the Mediaeval period located over a mile west of the village above Lower Raydon .
Personal life and education Maurizio Giuliano was born on 24 February 1975 , with a lawyer as a father and a housewife as a mother .
He examined ( under a coarse , compound microscope ) very thin slices of cork and saw a multitude of tiny pores that he remarked looked like the walled compartments of a honeycomb .
Darling ( I 'll Never Do You No Harm ) '' .
It is also claimed to be the first to employ a separate wine list . .
The historical role that Damascus played as an important trade center has changed in recent years due to political development in the region as well as the development of modern trade .
A county is a land area of local government within a country .
Leonese language has a system with 5 vowels in a stressed position , represented a , e , i , o , u and three ( two archiphonemes \/O/ I \/O/ , \/O/ U \/O/ and one phoneme \/O/ a \/O/ ) in non-stressed position , represented with e , u , a at the end of word .
There are two living species referred to as '' mink '' : the European Mink and the American Mink .
The band is seen in their Black Parade uniforms throughout the performance , and during the first song '' The End '' , Gerard Way is seen taking the role of The Patient , before tearing off his hospital gown to reveal his uniform .
It was also the first WWE show and sports related title to be released on the Blu-ray Disc format by WWE Home Video .
Untreated , mortality is high , mainly because of peritonitis and shock .
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The commercial corridor along Riverside Drive ceased to exist , and the freeway served to effectively isolate Elysian Valley from other local communities , such as Echo Park and Silver Lake .
It may also have the function of dissolving or transporting foreign particles and of distributing heat .
Soon after , at the Morgan Tribal Council , Osten decided to take the opportunity to quit the game .
The valence shell is the outermost shell of an atom .
It says that if the amount of something changed in one place , it 's because it moved out of that place , and we can measure that movement .
It is located near the Tai Koo Shing area , which is home to a large number of Hong Kong 's Korean families .
Bonneil is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
For five years the community included Robert Shingledecker , who created the MyDSL system , DSL Control Panel , and other features .
The 2nd century is the time from 101 to 200 .
Monophysitism and Eutyches were again rejected at the Council of Chalcedon in 451 .
Science has found no evidence whatsoever that indicates the existence of God or of anything supernatural .
Poland during the Piast dynasty is the period of the formation and establishment of Poland as a state and a nation . The historically recorded Polish state begins with the rule of Mieszko I of the Piast dynasty in the second half of the 10th century .
The logical operation exclusive disjunction , also called exclusive or ( symbolized XOR , EOR , EXOR , or & oplus ; ) , is a type of logical disjunction on two operands that results in a value of true if exactly one of the operands has a value of true .
He played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , first for the Boston Bruins , and later for the Detroit Red Wings .
The assassination of Julius Caesar was the result of a conspiracy by forty Roman senators , self-styled the Liberatores , who , led by Gaius Cassius Longinus and Marcus Junius Brutus , stabbed Julius Caesar to death in the Theatre of Pompey on the Ides of March ( March 15 ) 44 BC .
Both genera are native to India , they are recognized by their small seed pod , triangular in cross-section and spindle-shaped , with a thin papery outer shell and small black seeds .
The Dallas Mavericks ( also known as the Mavs ) are a professional basketball team based in Dallas , Texas , USA .
Discovery safely completed its final mission on March 9 , 2011 .
Wewoka is a city in Seminole County , Oklahoma , United States .
There was also resistance to the Klan .
Margueron is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Airline service exists to many destinations in Europe , North America , the Caribbean , Africa , the Middle East and Asia ( with more destinations from Manchester than from London Heathrow ) .
Why Humans and Their Fur Parted Way by Nicholas Wade , New York Times , August 19 , 2003 .
He joined the New York Rangers in 2008 after 11 seasons with the Ottawa Senators .
Pregnant women were bathed in an infusion of it ; a lotion of it was used as a skin cleanser ; and it was used medicinally as a blood purifier .
At the time , the pressure measured 892 mbar ( 26.34 inHg ) , the second lowest known pressure for a Category 4 hurricane ( Super Typhoon Judy had a 887 mb pressure at peak intensity ) , and Wilma retained the large eyewall as it turned northwestward .
During winter testing in 2005 , Klien tested several times for Red Bull Racing alongside Vitantonio Liuzzi and David Coulthard .
It is located in the district of Upper Franconia ( Oberfranken ) and forms the geological connection between the Fichtelgebirge and the Thuringian Forest .
At the Immunity Challenge , La Mina constructed the skull pyramid faster than Casaya , finally breaking their losing streak and winning Immunity .
Iowa City was the second capital of the Iowa Territory and the first capital of the State of Iowa .
It may include specifications for routines , data structures , object classes , and protocols used to communicate between the consumer and the implementer of the API .
Ganeshotsav is one of the biggest festival of Maharashtra which is celebrated with much reverence and festivity throughout the state and has since some time become popular all over the country .
Bonham Carter was denied admission to King 's College , Cambridge University , not because of her grades or her test scores , but because school officials were afraid that she would leave mid-term to pursue her acting career .
Iwans were a trademark of the Sassanid architecture of Persia , later finding their way into Islamic architecture .
Unlike its predecessor , DES , AES does not use a Feistel network .
Markham is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
the hats in a box
He is Conservative Member of Parliament for South Cambridgeshire .
He has worked alongside many other hardcore artists including DNA , Gammer and Hixxy , though in recent years , most of his work has been with Gammer .
& rarr ; -- 00:31 , 23 April 2006 ( UTC )
At 16 , Hackman left home to join the U.S. Marine Corps , where he served four-and-a-half years as a field radio operator .
They were founding members of the Second Division in 1892 but only lasted four years in the Football League .
The state itself encompassed only a small territory , including Mahabad , and the market towns of Piranshahr , Sardasht , Bukan , Naqada and Ushnaviya .
Thousands of videos exist on YouTube of users showing the original video ( off-camera ) to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged .
Chaudun is a commune in the department of Aisne , in Picardie , France .
Both Altamont Grade School and Altamont High School are part of Altamont Community Unit School District # 10 .
Albatrosses are among the largest of flying birds , and the great albatrosses ( genus Diomedea ) have the largest wingspans of any extant birds .
Community policies , including Wikipedia : No personal attacks , apply to your user space , just as they do elsewhere .
Mikael Stanne was the original vocalist for the Swedish heavy metal band HammerFall .
The Singapore Chinese Orchestra ( SCO ) is Singapore 's only professional Chinese orchestra .
Asked in February 2008 which of the icons he would rather be remembered for , Stallone said '' it 's a tough one , but Rocky is my first baby , so Rocky .
The term software engineering first appeared in the 1968 NATO Software Engineering Conference , and was meant to provoke thought regarding the perceived '' software crisis '' at the time .
However , there were exceptions : The Soviet Union during the 1920s and Yugoslavia after World War II allowed limited markets and a degree of worker self-management , while China , Vietnam and Laos introduced far-reaching market reforms after the 1980s .
Meters of this type draw negligible current but are sensitive to voltages over about 100 volts and work with either alternating or direct current .
Rubidium has a number of oxides , including rubidium monoxide ( Rb2O ) , Rb6O and Rb9O2 , which form if rubidium metal is exposed to air ; rubidium in excess oxygen gives the superoxide RbO2 . Rubidium forms salts with halides , making rubidium fluoride , rubidium chloride , rubidium bromide and rubidium iodide .
In 2007 Fiat launched a similar styled , longer and heavier front wheel drive car , the Fiat Nuova 500 .
However , an acrimonious dispute with Moses Hazen , commander of the 2nd Canadian Regiment , boiled over into a court martial of Hazen at Ticonderoga during the summer of 1776 .
A castle in Scotland successfully defeats a siege despite being held by only nine knights .
Gene Simmons - bass guitar ; rhythm guitar on '' Any Way You Slice It '' and '' Trial by Fire '' ; lead vocals
First , she was identified as his daughter , and later as his wife .
The Irish Free State was established in December 1922 , and as expected , Northern Ireland exercised its option to remain part of the United Kingdom proper .
In October 2002 , Amos released Scarlet 's Walk , another concept album .
