Unlike other independent studios such as Orion Pictures , Carolco Pictures , or Cannon Films , New Line Cinema grew and prospered to become one of Hollywood 's major film studios , culminating in the hit Lord of the Rings film trilogy that brought commercial success to the studio .
Modalists note that the only number ascribed to God in the Holy Bible is One and that there is no inherent threeness ascribed to God explicitly in scripture .
Licensed to Ill is the debut album by the Beastie Boys , released in 1986 .
He is considered one of the first exponents of utilitarianism , and the first modern proponent of anarchism .
Australian Aboriginal tribes usually had long periods of time to help prepare adolescent boys , teaching them the Law before they were ready to attend large elaborate ceremonies at the time of initiation when they were finally recognized as fully-fledged men in their society .
Buchanan believes that a constitution , intended for use by at least several generations of citizens , must be able to adjust itself for pragmatic economic decisions and to balance interests of the state and society against those of individuals and their constitutional rights to personal freedom and private happiness .
Aliaune Badara Akon Thiam ( ; born April 16 , 1973 ) , better known as simply Akon , is a Senegalese-American R&B recording artist and songwriter .
Chavigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Kaloyan becomes Tsar of Bulgaria .
Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s ( titled Guitar Hero : Rocks the 80s in Europe ) is a music video game and the third installment in the popular Guitar Hero series .
Year 1313 ( MCCCXIII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The 1340s decade ran from January 1 , 1340 , to December 31 , 1349 .
Depending on the operating system and sometimes the application program being used there are many ways to generate Latin characters with accents .
The song that attracted most attention was his deadpan interpretation of Cole Porter 's '' I Get a Kick out of You '' .
The key characteristics are ejection of large amount of pumice and very powerful continuous gas blast eruptions .
Purcell 's wife Frances and three of his six children survived him .
Cullen , p. 636 Of these 132 left him money or items in their will .
At the age of 23 , he stepped in to take the leading tenor role in Matilde di Shabran when Bruce Ford became ill/O. .
Moult ( ) is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
The series features two video games ; Pikmin and Pikmin 2 .
, sometimes abbreviated , is a sh jo manga series by Natsuki Takaya .
Howard Dwaine '' Howie '' Dorough ( born August 22 , 1973 ) is an American musician and the oldest member of the Backstreet Boys since Kevin Richardson left in 2006 .
He dovetailed that championship with appearances in the Japanese GT300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
The earliest documented earthquake in Japan occurred in 416 when the Imperial Palace at Kyoto was leveled by the severity of the Earth 's tremors .
The St. Louis Cardinals are a professional baseball team based in St. Louis , Missouri .
The main A63 road into the city from the Humber Bridge is named after him ( Clive Sullivan Way ) .
; variant : The second parameter is optional , and identifies a flag variant to be used instead of the standard flag .
The company also spun off Jefferson Ward ( known as '' Jeffersons '' ) , a discount department store version of Montgomery Ward , introduced in 1980 .
Epidexipteryx also preserved a covering of simpler body feathers , composed of parallel barbs as in more primitive feathered dinosaurs .
George VI ( Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 6 February 1952 ) was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions from 11 December 1936 until his death .
The largest estuary in Europe , it is the only place in Russia where pelicans , flamingoes , and lotuses may be found .
The Free State of Thuringia ( , ) is a state of Germany , located in the central part of the country .
Some critics have contended that the IPCC reports tend to underestimate dangers , understate risks , and report only the '' lowest common denominator '' findings .
In his act he claimed to be the only Iranian comedian which , he said , was '' three more than Germany '' .
Dario Dabac ( born 23 May 1978 ) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Chinese club Chongqing Lifan .
The rest of Giltner 's Brigade also joined in the charge , routing the Union soldiers and allowing the Confederate forces to use the defensive positions themselves .
Pimlico is a London Underground station in Pimlico , City of Westminster .
Thus , scientifically speaking , monkeys are paraphyletic ( not a single coherent group ) and Old World monkeys are actually more closely related to the apes than they are to the New World monkeys .
It is seat of the European Central Bank , the German Federal Bank , the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the Frankfurt Trade Fair , as well as several large commercial banks .
John Nicholaas '' Johnny '' Rep ( born 25 November 1951 in Zaandam , North Holland ) is a former Dutch footballer .
Thomas Sean Connery was born in Fountainbridge , Edinburgh to Euphemia '' Effie '' ( born Maclean ) , a cleaning woman , and Joseph Connery , a factory worker and lorry driver .
Taluka Municipal Administration Hyderabad City Hyderabad district is subdivided into 4 talukas , the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka .
It was also believed that the residents of the Faery realm were incapable of producing fire themselves ; embers of bonfires would be carried to the underworld and tended there .
On October 3 , 1960 at 9:30 p.m. , The Andy Griffith Show made its debut .
Some pansexuals suggest that they are gender-blind ; that gender and sex are insignificant or irrelevant in determining whether they will be sexually attracted to others .
Its population as of 2010 is 48,914 , and at the 2000 census , 40,468 .
Through the use of abstraction and logical reasoning , mathematics evolved from counting , calculation , measurement , and the systematic study of the shapes and motions of physical objects .
He relieved Vice Admiral Russ Shalders on 4 July 2008 .
Tallinn became the capital of an independent Estonia .
Most pancakes are quick breads , though some are made using a yeast-raised or fermented batter .
He served in many administrative positions and became the rector of Kazan University in 1827 .
Oskar Morgenstern ( 1902-1977 ) , economist
Meanwhile , the dispatcher at Dahlerau , who tried to hold back the departing locomotive by running along the passing train and giving emergency signals , but failed to get the driver 's attention , had tried to reach the dispatcher in Wuppertal-Beyenburg by telephone to hold back the passenger train .
Two war memorials dedicated to the Japanese war dead and , surprisingly , to the British and Empire troops who died defending Singapore , were built at the site .
This would have granted the Barima District to Venezuela .
After World War II Bridgestone started manufacturing motorcycles , but its main income was from supplying tyres to its rival motorcycle makers such as Honda , Suzuki and Yamaha and it was later decided to cease motorcycle manufacturing .
A popular folktale associated with the cemetery concerns the invading army of Tamerlane .
These little particles are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at high speeds by giant magnets .
Two-thirds of the town of Bayreuth was destroyed by Allied bombing in the final days of World War II , though the theater itself was undamaged .
The term '' musket '' is applied to a variety of weapons , including the long , heavy guns with matchlock or wheel lock and loose powder fired with the gun barrel resting on a stand , and also lighter weapons with Snaphance , flintlock or caplock and bullets using a stabilizing spin ( Minié ball ) , affixed with a bayonet .
The IPCC first assessment report was completed in 1990 , and served as the basis of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) .
The game is considered to be the spiritual successor to Taylor 's 1997 game , Total Annihilation , as well as the Spring remake .
The storm made an even more unusual landfall in Spain on October 11 , making it the first tropical cyclone to impact Spain since the 1842 Spain hurricane .
In 2007 , the city proper had an estimated population of 16,235 and an estimated metropolitan population of 101,792 .
Positioned to fill a saloon\/sedan niche above the firm 's Golf hatchback offering , it has been marketed over five generations variously as the Atlantic , Bora , City Jetta , Jetta City , Fox , GLI , Jetta , Sagitar , and Vento .
Ragnarok Online ( , alternatively subtitled The Final Destiny of the Gods ) , often referred to as RO , is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game or MMORPG created by GRAVITY Co. , Ltd. based on the manhwa Ragnarok by Lee Myung-jin .
There are at least three subcategories , philosophical languages ( or ideal languages ) , logical languages ( sometimes abbreviated as loglangs ) , and experimental languages .
On 24 May 2007 they sold their remaining stake in the company for over # 107 million .
Severus Snape is a fictional character in the Harry Potter book series written by J.K. Rowling .
The categories are amputee , Cerebral Palsy , intellectual disability , wheelchair , visually impaired , and Les Autres ( literally '' The Others '' , which are athletes with disabilities that do n't fall into the other five categories ; these include dwarfism , multiple sclerosis , and congenital deformities ) .
There , on July 29 , 1947 , it was turned on and was in continuous operation until 11:45 p.m. on October 2 , 1955 .
Organized western merchants make their first contact with China after Rafael Perestrello was the first to land in southern China in 1513 ; European merchants venture into port at Guangzhou and trade with Chinese merchants there .
The 1960 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1960 , United Press International .
During World War II , a number of Army personnel were stationed at the Orlando Army Air Base and nearby Pinecastle Army Air Field .
Previous Great White Spots were observed in 1876 , 1903 , 1933 , and 1960 , with the 1933 storm being the most famous .
Most were hanged , but some were burned at the stake .
Kirk Thomas Cameron ( born October 12 , 1970 ) is an American actor best-known for his role as Mike Seaver on the television situation comedy Growing Pains ( 1985 - 1992 ) , as well as several other television and film appearances as a child actor .
It did not take long , however , for Rommel 's involvement to come to light .
On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 97.87 km , had 2,305 inhabitants , giving a population density of 23.6 inhabitants per km .
King Rama VI then realized that the education should be provided to all people not only for the bureaucrats .
A few churches make no use of a liturgical calendar .
Hearing about Ennis 's divorce , Jack drives to Wyoming hoping they can live together , but Ennis refuses to move away from his children .
Unlike many nocturnal animals , however , tarsiers lack a light-reflecting area ( tapetum lucidum ) of the eye .
Most tornadoes produce strong winds at the surface while the visible funnel is still above the ground , so it is difficult to discern the difference between a funnel cloud and a tornado from a distance .
However , a gene that prompts behaviour which enhances the fitness of relatives but lowers that of the individual displaying the behavior , may nonetheless increase in frequency , because relatives often carry the same gene ; this is the fundamental principle behind the theory of kin selection .
It is played with an oval-shaped ball on a field up to long and wide with H-shaped goal posts on each goal line .
The band eclipsed their previous success with their 2006 concept album , The Black Parade , which gained generally favorable reviews among music critics .
In 1986 , Portugal joined the European Union ( then the European Economic Community ) .
This color-changing function is produced by groups of red , yellow , brown , and black pigmented chromatophores above a layer of reflective iridophores and leucophores , with up to 200 of these specialized pigment cells per square millimeter , which corresponds to about 359 DPI .
Wimbledon Old Central Football Club was formed in 1889 , taking its name from the Old Central School on Wimbledon Common where players had been pupils .
Brusino Arsizio is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland on the Lake of Lugano .
The British-Australian Oil Company 's Railway Eardley , Gifford Australian Railway Historical Society Bulletin , August , 1967 Annual events include the annual rodeo and the King of the Ranges stockman challenge .
Vortex may also refer to :
In sports :
Pichilemu ( , ) , previously known as Pichilemo , is a beach resort city in central Chile .
The following is a list of the 42 cantons of the Aisne department , in France , sorted by arrondissement :
Joseph Aloysius Lyons , CH ( 15 September 1879-7 April 1939 ) was an Australian politician .
Nicknamed the Brown Bomber , Louis helped elevate boxing from a nadir in popularity in the post-Jack Dempsey era by establishing a reputation as an honest , hardworking fighter at a time when the sport was dominated by gambling interests .
The Grampian Mountains or Grampians ( Am Monadh in Gaelic ) are one of the three major mountain ranges in Scotland , occupying a considerable portion of the Scottish Highlands in northeast Scotland .
Mikhail Tal ( ; , Michail Nechem ` evi Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal ; November 9 , 1936 & ndash ; June 28 , 1992 ) was a Soviet & ndash ; Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
St. Regis Park , first incorporated in 1953 , is a Fourth Class City in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
'' The most recent linguistic approach to literature is that of cognitive metaphor , which claims that metaphor is not a mode of language , but a mode of thought .
The scream for that scene was recorded later in a single take , along with five other short pained screams , which were slated as '' man getting bit by an alligator , and he screams . ''
Shortly afterwards , he taught himself to play the drums in the aggressive swing style of Chick Webb , Sid Catlett and Ray Bauduc .
The British Rail Class 506 was a 3 carriage Electric Multiple Unit ( EMU ) built for local services between Manchester , Glossop and Hadfield on the Woodhead Line , which was electrified in 1954 .
Islamic economics bans interest or Riba ( Usury ) but in most Muslim countries Western banking is allowed .
If it loses all its native speakers , it becomes an extinct language .
Human Rights Watch is an international non-governmental organization that conducts research and advocacy on human rights .
A chemical compound is a pure chemical substance consisting of two or more different chemical elements that can be separated into simpler substances by chemical reactions . Chemical compounds have a unique and defined chemical structure ; they consist of a fixed ratio of atoms that are held together in a defined spatial arrangement by chemical bonds .
These signs all begin before a child is three years old .
Life After Life is a 1975 book written by psychiatrist Raymond Moody .
Her father was a Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court and later became a prominent landowner in southwestern Ohio .
Cincinnati Bengals ( - present )
Autogenic training is a relaxation technique developed by the German psychiatrist Johannes Heinrich Schultz and first published in 1932 .
Weinfelden is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau , Switzerland .
In the field of electromagnetism and mathematics , flux is usually the integral of a vector quantity , flux density , over a finite surface .
According to Norse mythology , the first humans , Ask and Embla , were formed out of two pieces of driftwood , an ash and an elm , by the god Odin and his brothers , Vili and Vé .
More attempts to exhibit Komodo dragons were made , but the lifespan of these creatures was very short , averaging five years in the National Zoological Park .
Steckborn is a municipality and the district capital of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
He qualified to compete in three team and five individual events , swimming seventeen races in nine days and winning the gold medal in all eight events .
These attacks are most common in Cambodia , Afghanistan , Ermachild
Key 103 is an Independent Local Radio station broadcasting to the city of Manchester and the north west of England .
While working at American Music Publishers he met Glen Campbell and collaborated on several recordings .
Ljubljana ( ) is the capital of Slovenia and its largest city .
Although solid , gas and liquid are the most common states of matter on Earth , much of the baryonic matter of universe is in the form of hot plasma , both as rarefied interstellar medium and as dense stars .
Culture shock refers to the anxiety and feelings ( of surprise , disorientation , uncertainty , confusion , etc. ) felt when people have to operate within a different and unknown cultural or social environment , such as a foreign country .
The two organizations formally merged as the IEEE on January 1 , 1963 .
In What If the Gunpowder Plot Had Succeeded ? historian Ronald Hutton considered the events which might have followed a successful implementation of the plot , and the destruction of the House of Lords and all those within it .
As of 2000 , the population was 24,298 .
There may be , however , only 24 living individuals in the order at any given time , not including honorary appointees , and new members are personally selected by the reigning monarch of the 16 realms , presently Queen Elizabeth II , with the assistance of her private secretaries ; the order has thus been described as '' quite possibly , the most prestigious honor one can receive on planet Earth . ''
New York City Police Department , 2002 , Accessed August 29 , 2007 .
From the Ideen onward , Husserl concentrated on the ideal , essential structures of consciousness .
Five singles have been released in promotion of the album ; '' Violet Hill '' and '' Viva la Vida '' in May 2008 , '' Lovers in Japan '' and '' Lost ! ''
Rheine is a city in the district of Steinfurt in Westphalia , Germany .
There is no point in denying something that you did do , because it can and will be checked up .
The electrostatic potential energy of the system ( UE ) , relative to this zero , is equal to the total work W that must be done by a hypothetical external agent in order to bring the charges slowly , one by one , from infinite separation to the desired system configuration :
Carthage at the time was in such a poor state that its navy was unable to transport his army to Iberia ( Hispania ) ; instead , Hamilcar had to march it towards the Pillars of Hercules and transport it across the Strait of Gibraltar ( present-day Morocco/Spain ) .
Public transport The terminus of the Cranbourne railway line is at Cranbourne railway station .
Labalme is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He was also the first to define the North Magnetic Pole as the point where the Earth 's magnetic field points vertically downwards .
Most Haunted is a British paranormal documentary reality television series that premiered on May 25 , 2002 on Living presented by Yvette Fielding .
Urho Kaleva Kekkonen ( ; 3 September 1900 & ndash ; 31 August 1986 ) was a Finnish politician who served as Prime Minister of Finland ( 1950 -- 1953 , 1954 -- 1956 ) and later as the eighth President of Finland ( 1956 & ndash ; 1982 ) .
Other areas use different scales to label these storms , which are called '' cyclones '' or '' typhoons '' , depending on the area .
Contrastingly , Christine Leonard of Fast Forward Weekly said of the band , '' Returning to their old school form with the ballistic intensity of '' Bricks , '' they just as quickly lose focus with questionable efforts such as ` Worth Dying For ' and the oh-so-weary ` Prayer of the Refugee . ' ''
In some countries , such as in Spain and Portugal , the term for a bill differs depending on whether it is initiated by the government ( when it is known as a '' project '' ) , or by the Parliament ( a '' proposition '' , i.e. a private member 's bill ) .
The original three-element device was patented in 1907 by Lee De Forest who developed it from his original two-element 1906 Audion . The Audion did provide amplification .
Alternative covariant presentations of Maxwell 's equations also exist , for example in terms of the four-potential ; see Covariant formulation of classical electromagnetism for details .
On 15 May 2006 , it was announced that the station is to be redeveloped as part of a $ 36 million dollar project .
Over time , often 3 - 5 years , drugs that prove themselves safe and appropriate as prescription medicines may be switched from prescription to OTC . An example of this is diphenhydramine ( Benadryl ) , which once required a prescription but now is available OTC nearly everywhere .
In February 1995 , KAW spun off their 3D Web division to form the company Worlds Inc./ORGANIZATION. Scannell 3 .
These bishops did not travel alone ; each one had permission to bring with him two priests and three deacons ; so the total number of attendees could have been above 1800 .
On November 2 , 2004 , Theo van Gogh was assassinated in public by Mohammed Bouyeri , a Dutch-Moroccan Muslim with a Dutch passport .
The Atlantic provinces became the Kingdom of Portugal in 1139 , and the eastern , inland part of the kingdom was joined to the Kingdom of Castile by 1230 .
Leipzig has fundamentally shaped the history of Saxony and of Germany .
Games in the genre primarily focus either on dancing or simulating the playing of musical instruments .
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
Braille characters are much larger than their printed equivalents , and the standard 11 '' by 11.5 '' ( 28 cm & times ; 30 cm ) page has room for only 25 lines of 43 characters .
In general , the guest in room N goes to room ( N +1 ) to get N cigars .
Hydraulic head or piezometric head is a specific measurement of water pressure above a geodetic datum/O. , 410 pages .
Bezinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Jerome David '' J. D. '' Salinger ( ; is an American author , best known for his 1951 novel The Catcher in the Rye , as well as his reclusive nature .
After more than four years of trench warfare in western Europe , and 20 million dead , those powers who had formed the Triple Entente ( France , Britain , and Russia , later replaced by the United States and joined by Italy ) emerged victorious over the Triple Alliance ( Germany , Austria-Hungary , and the Ottoman Empire ) .
She served as White House hostess and unofficial First Lady of the United States from 1829 to 1836 .
The term is sometimes suggestive of emotional angst .
There is an underground river running under the station , to the east and parallel to the JR tracks .
The club started selling players for cash to survive , but eventually the losses forced the franchise to move to St. Louis in 1934 .
Because of the dangers of having so many cars on the track at the same time , a pre-qualifying session was introduced for the teams with the worst record over the previous 6 months , including all new teams .
Conception Knowles worked on the album for nearly a year , longer than she had spent on her previous solo albums and records with former group Destiny 's Child .
It first debuted as a game for the Famicom in Japan in 1984 for a price of 5000 yen .
The Scottish Cup awarded to the Scottish Cup winners is the oldest national trophy in the world .
Theodore Marvin '' Ted '' DiBiase , Jr. ( born November 8 , 1982 ) is an American professional wrestler and actor signed with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where he appears on its Raw brand .
These political tensions raised the concern that some food and medical supplies might become unusable , even before the Burmese junta officially accepted the international relief effort .
Alan Smith ( born 28 October 1980 ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Newcastle United .
In the 16th century Native Americans referred to it as Sapokanikan ( '' tobacco field '' ) .
In the case of pea , which is a diploid species , each individual plant has two alleles of each gene , one allele inherited from each parent .
Sarcé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Quinn Sullivan ( born March 26 , 1999 ) is an American child prodigy from New Bedford , Massachusetts who plays the guitar .
A tragedy typically ended with the death or destruction of a fictional or historical hero , whereas a comedy focused on the lives of middle to lower class characters and ended with their success .
Fields are usually represented mathematically by scalars , vectors , or tensors .
Kenneth Anderson ( born March 6 , 1976 ) is an American professional wrestler and actor . He is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) , under the ring name Mr. Anderson .
The first archbishop of the era was Gebhard , who during the Investiture Controversy remained on the side of the Pope .
Women undergoing hormonal changes , like pregnancy or those on birth control pills .
At the Voyager 2 images Desdemona appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
There has often been confusion between the Sei whale and the Bryde 's whale as they are similar in both size and appearance .
The leaves are ( sickle-shaped ) to , long and broad , with a long apex and smooth margin , green to grey-green with a reddish petiole .
After passing about 65 km ( 45 mi ) east of Okinawa , it accelerated its forward motion to 75 km\/h ( 46 mph ) .
Motohiro Yoshida is a Japanese footballer who plays for Machida Zelvia .
Despite debuting in 2003 , the actual series itself was launched in 2002 as part of Marvel Comics ' '' Tsunami '' imprint .
The phrase entered the popular lexicon , and a '' concept album '' - the term became imbued with the notion of artistic purpose - was inherently considered to be more creative or worthy of attention than a mere collection of new songs .
The Scottish and English parliaments established a commission to negotiate a union , formulating an instrument of union between the two countries .
Surveying has been an essential element in the development of the human environment since the beginning of recorded history ( about 5,000 years ago ) .
Breadalbane is a small village located in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Upper Lachlan Shire .
He signed with the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) in 2000 along with WCW stars Benoit , Malenko , and Saturn .
It won an Emmy Award in 2008 for Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition .
The Attitude Era was defined by a radical shift in programming content .
Syrian Americans are also numerous in Southern California ( i.e. the Los Angeles and San Diego areas ) and Arizona , many are descendants of farm laborers invited with their farm skills to irrigate the deserts in the early 20th century .
At the end of 1598 , at the probable age of 22 , Weelkes was appointed organist at Winchester College , where he remained for two or three years , receiving the salary of 13s 4d per quarter ( # 2 for three quarters ) .
It can be found on some smaller islands off the coast of Western Australia , in particular on Rottnest Island just off Perth and Bald Island near Albany .
Following the reorganization of Germany in 1802 , Memmingen became part of Bavaria .
Galerius advanced into Media and Adiabene , winning continuous victories , most prominently near Erzurum , and securing Nisibis ( Nusaybin , Turkey ) before October 1 , 298 .
Newsround ( originally called John Craven 's Newsround , before the departure of Craven ) is a BBC children 's news program , which has run continuously since 4 April 1972 , and was one of the world 's first television news magazines aimed specifically at children .
Schirach was the head of the Hitler-Jugend ( HJ , Hitler Youth ) and Gauleiter and Reichsstatthalter ( '' Reich Governor '' ) of Vienna .
Hyrrokkin ( hirr-ROK-in ) or Saturn XLIV ( provisional designation S/2004 S 19 ) is a natural satellite of Saturn .
The combined rivers then flow eastwards into Pakistan , joining the Indus River at the city of Attock .
It is often known as a continent which consists of the continents of Africa and Eurasia ( further divided into Asia and Europe ) .
He is widely regarded as the '' father of experimental psychology '' .
Grayville is a city in Edwards and White counties in Illinois .
Surfonds is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The latter is a difficult task , and only a few young have been successfully raised since- notably at Healesville Sanctuary in Victoria . The leading figure in these efforts was David Fleay , who established a platypussary- a simulated stream in a tank- at the Healesville Sanctuary , where breeding was successful in 1943 .
The Metropolitan Tabernacle at Elephant and Castle still worships and holds to its historical principles under its present pastor , Dr. Peter Masters .
The seventh match featured Brock Lesnar and Goldberg with special guest referee , Steve Austin .
He was awarded the Linnean Society of London 's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1908 .
But it has n't always been the same place , or even in the same place , through its history .
Boney M. is a disco group created by German record producer Frank Farian .
After purging three planets of Phazon ( including the Space Pirate homeworld ) , the Federation locates the source of Phazon , planet Phaaze , which is made entirely of Phazon .
Mythology Arabian horses are the topic of many myths and legends , particularly about their origins .
The University of North Carolina at Wilmington , commonly referred to as UNCW ( sometimes known as UNC Wilmington ) is a public , coeducational university located in Wilmington , North Carolina .
The firewall now blocks access to malicious sites using a blacklist updated by Symantec .
The concept of a theorem is therefore fundamentally deductive , in contrast to the notion of a scientific theory , which is empirical .
The Malakand Pass is a mountain pass in Malakand District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Josh Gad as Matt Gadman
The 2011 Brisbane International was a joint ATP and WTA tennis tournament , played on outdoor hard courts .
In prehistoric Greece ( Crete and Mycenae ) , there existed a system of high-status apiculture , as can be concluded from the finds of hives , smoking pots , honey extractors and other beekeeping paraphernalia in Knossos . Beekeeping was considered a highly valued industry controlled by beekeeping overseers - owners of gold rings depicting apiculture scenes rather that religious ones as they have been reinterpreted recently , contra Sir Arthur Evans .
In 1964 , the Warren Commission concluded that Oswald acted alone in assassinating Kennedy , a conclusion also reached by prior investigations carried out by the FBI and Dallas Police Department .
Astley 's musical career started when he was 10 singing in local church choir .
With Pittsburgh leading 14-10 over the Seattle Seahawks , Whisenhunt called a wide receiver reverse pass ( Antwaan Randle El to Hines Ward , the only TD pass thrown by a WR in Super Bowl history ) that allowed Pittsburgh to pull away .
Railway Eardley , Gifford Australian Railway Historical Society Bulletin , March 1977 pp58-67 .
In some contexts , the term has recently been expanded in usage to sometimes include Afghanistan and Pakistan , the Caucasus and Central Asia , and North Africa .
Reputation ETH is regularly ranked among the top universities in the world .
Lasiorhinus
Judith Weir CBE , ( born 11 May 1954 in Cambridge , England of Scottish parents ) , is a British composer currently resident in London .
The Talmud has two components : the Mishnah ( c. 200 CE ) , the first written compendium of Judaism 's Oral Law ; and the Gemara ( c. 500 CE ) , a discussion of the Mishnah and related Tannaitic writings that often ventures onto other subjects and expounds broadly on the Tanakh .
It was filmed during 2001 and aired from October 11 , 2001 - January 10 , 2002 on CBS .
Griswold served as Bishop of Chicago from 1987 until he became presiding bishop in 1997 .
Harold Rudd , the Meher Baba follower who testified at Pascal 's highly publicized estate trial , had a son , Raphael Rudd , who later went on to collaborate with Baba follower Pete Townshend on The Oceanic Concerts album in 2001 .
The town of Guildford forms part of the larger area administered by the borough of Guildford , which in turn forms part of the county of Surrey .
Fourniret was sentenced to life in prison .
The USA has one concentration camp in guantanamo bay in cuba , this camp is officially a navy base , but really it is used as a prison for rebel muslims and communists , America 's president has said that it is sometimes used for prisoners of war , but many human rights groups accuse America of imprisoning people from countries they are not at war with , this was proved when british prisoners were returned home in 2003 .
Every ship that arrived in Dejima was inspected , and sails were seized until that ship was set to leave .
December to Dismember (/O2006/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on December 3 , 2006 at the James Brown Arena in Augusta , Georgia .
English is also widely spoken in urban areas of South India .
Within a decade of its inception , A&M became the world 's largest independent record company .
Earthquakes are measured with a seismometer ; a device which also records is known as a seismograph .
A year later , the club was renamed Everton F.C. after the surrounding area , as people outside the parish wished to participate .
The book had an important influence on the development of optics , as it laid the foundations for modern physical optics after drastically transforming the way in which light and vision had been understood , and on science in general with its introduction of the experimental scientific method .
The original church on the site was built in the 1890s .
Marching band is a group of instrumental musicians and usually dance teams \/O/ color guard who generally perform outdoors and incorporate some type of marching ( and possibly onto other movements ) with their musical performance .
According to the legal theory followed by the Western Allies , the occupation of most of Germany ended in 1949 with the declaration of the Federal Republic of Germany ( 23 May 1949 ) and the German Democratic Republic ( 7 October 1949 ) .
Charley lasted from August 9 to August 15 , and at its peak intensity it attained 150 mph ( 240 km\/h ) winds , making it a strong Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
However media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .
The poem was inspired by the apocryphal story that a young Jesus , accompanied by his uncle Joseph of Arimathea , traveled to the area that is now England and visited Glastonbury .
Poroy ( Poroy )
During the period covered , continents drifted about , eventually collecting into a single landmass known as Pangaea and then splitting up into the current continental landmasses .
Our Lady of the Flowers ( Notre Dame des Fleurs 1943 ) is a journey through the prison underworld , featuring a fictionalized alter-ego by the name of Divine , usually referred to in the feminine , at the center of a circle of tantes ( '' aunties '' or '' queens '' ) with colorful sobriquets such as Mimosa I , Mimosa II , First Communion and the Queen of Rumania .
Tenders were called for the design , supply , installation and on-going maintenance of the system , with the ` OneLink Transit Consortium ' becoming the preferred tenderer in September 1993 .
A punching bag is a sturdy bag designed to be repeatedly punched , for use in physical exercise or stress relief in order to improve one of three areas : physical strength , aerobic fitness , or punching technique .
Saint-Julien-du-Terroux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Hold 'em is normally played using small and big blind bets -- forced bets by two players .
Godavari , Krishna , Tungabhadra and Kaveri rivers are important non-perennial sources of water .
James dropped the Women 's Championship to Melina on February 19 and , in continuation of their storyline feud , failed to regain the title during WWE 's first women 's Falls Count Anywhere match .
In 1933 , she represented Czechoslovakia in 4th WWCh in Folkestone ( +14 -- 0 = 0 ) .
Even without the use of Checkuser , or with a result of '' unrelated '' , an account that makes the same edits as a different blocked account , has the same linguistic peculiarities and the same general interests may remain blocked under the '' quacks like a duck '' test .
St Albans Cathedral ( formerly St Albans Abbey , officially The Cathedral and Abbey Church of St Alban ) is a Church of England Cathedral church at St Albans , England .
They are commonly used by people when describing where they live in England , and may be taken into consideration when drawing up Parliamentary constituency boundaries .
Five of the islands are inhabited : Baltra , Floreana , Isabela , San Cristobal and Santa Cruz .
In August 1921 it underwent a final overhaul linked to the creation of a head of state titled the President of the Republic . A ministry of six was created .
After decades of protests , the Navy ended live-fire training on Kahoolawe in 1990 , and the island was transferred to the State of Hawaii in 1994 .
The Lord Mayor of London is to be distinguished from the Mayor of London ; the former is an officer only of the City of London , while the Mayor of London is the Mayor of Greater London and as such governs a much larger area .
Diet The Brown tree snake preys upon birds , lizards , bats and small rodents in its native range .
They are the producers in a food chain , such as plants on land or algae in water .
Elvis Stojko , MSC , MSM ( born March 22 , 1972 ) is a Canadian figure skating world champion .
For example , a 2-simplex is a triangle , a 3-simplex is a tetrahedron , and a 4-simplex is a pentachoron .
Robert Christgau ( A ) link
The Red Anjou has a deep red skin that darkens as it ripens .
Their relationship is a mimed one .
Poland lost over six million citizens in World War II , emerging several years later as the socialist People 's Republic of Poland within the Eastern Bloc , under strong Soviet influence .
Built during the Safavid period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture .
London also recorded a version for the Do n't Cry Wolf album .
Matthew J. Perry , South Carolina 's first African American U.S. District Court judge
After the end of Charles in Charge in 1990 , Aames hosted the game show The Krypton Factor .
Then , after defecting from the Soviet Union in 1976 , he won consecutive Candidates cycles to qualify for World Championship matches with Karpov in 1978 and 1981 , losing both .
He also had setbacks involving musical growth and personal issues while recording his next album Venus Isle .
Arhaan Behl , born on 6 August 1984 in Rajasthan , India , is an actor who currently plays the male lead Krishna in the STAR Plus serial Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya .
Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Seaman , W.M. , '' The Understanding of Greek by Plautus ' Audience , '' Classical Journal 50 ( 1954 ) , p. 115 .
The house mouse has been domesticated as the pet or fancy mouse , and as the laboratory mouse which is one of the most important model organisms in biology and medicine .
A cuneiform tablet found in 1986 shows that Ugarit was destroyed after the death of Merneptah .
In 1877 , it was decided to make Suva the capital of Fiji when the geography of former main European settlement at Levuka on the island of Ovalau proved too restrictive .
Karate-do teaches ethical principles and can have spiritual significance to its adherents . Gichin Funakoshi ( '' Father of Modern Karate '' ) titled his autobiography Karate-Do : My Way of Life in recognition of the transforming nature of karate study .
and Enterprises , '' a name the company never did business under ) , and repeatedly contested the issue .
Stallman pioneered the concept of copyleft and he is the main author of several copyleft licenses including the GNU General Public License , the most widely used free software license .
General epistles ( also called Catholic Epistles ) are books in the New Testament in the form of letters .
Nicholas William Peter '' Nick '' Clegg ( born 7 January 1967 ) is a British politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Lord President of the Council and Minister for Constitutional and Political Reform in the UK coalition government of David Cameron .
Particularly for the settlement and conquest period that followed the early raids , internal strife in Scandinavia resulted in the progressive centralisation of power into fewer hands .
Beginning as a journalist Fallaci began her journalistic career in her teens , becoming a special correspondent for the Italian paper Il mattino dell ` Italia centrale in 1946Arico , Santo L. Oriana Fallaci : The Woman and the Myth , p. 26 .
Final Fantasy XII begins in Dalmasca 's capital city of Rabanastre , where the happiness from the union of Princess Ashe of Dalmasca and Prince Rasler of Nabradia is interrupted by the Archadian Empire 's invasion of Nabradia .
Despite their contributions , folk metal remained little known with few representatives during the 1990s .
The school interprets it as looking back to the past and forward to the future .
Ledyard Stebbins , 94 , Dies ; Applied Evolution to Plants .
Quran 2:282 In the twelfth-century A.D. , the Arab writer , Ibn Taymiyyah , mentioned in his book Hisba ( literally , '' verification '' or '' calculation '' ) detailed accounting systems used by Muslims as early as in the mid-seventh century A.D. . These accounting practices were influenced by the Roman and the Persian civilizations that Muslims interacted with .
This right is only granted to exceedingly few users who are ages 18 + and have identified themselves to the Wikimedia Foundation .
Calm is an adjective meaning peaceful , quiet ; particularly used of the weather , free from wind or storm , or of the sea , as opposed to rough .
The plot of the novel is highly complex , featuring multiple time-lines and characters whose behavior changes dramatically .
Tibor made expeditions across the whole of south America , Asia and Africa .
Osiris ( , also Usiris ; the Egyptian language name is variously transliterated Asar , Asari , Aser , Ausar , Ausir , Wesir , Usir , Usire or Ausare ) was an Egyptian god , usually identified as the god of the Afterlife , the underworld and the dead .
With a population of 464,678 inhabitants as of the , it is Argentina 's 8th largest city .
The movie is a light parody which plays on the clichés of typical horror films .
The other members of the hadron family are the baryons : subatomic particles composed of three quarks rather than two .
La Bouteille is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
People who have difficulty breathing due to pneumonia may require extra oxygen .
The eagle was the symbol of the Artaxiad Dynasty and later on the symbol of the Arsacid Dynasty of Armenia .
In an interview Tajiri noted the contrast between the character 's relationship in the games and anime ; while in the games they were rivals , in the anime , Shigeru represented Satoshi 's master .
Many historians , notably Hugh Trevor-Roper , have suggested that the witch trials of the 16th and 17th centuries were a consequence of the religious struggles of the period , with both the Catholic Church and the Protestant Church determined to stamp out what they regarded as heresy .
Hurricane Season .
Klein , R. (/O1999/O) .
Canadian Tire Corporation , Limited ( ) is one of Canada 's 35 largest publicly traded companies and operates an inter-related network of businesses engaged in retailing ( hardgoods , apparel and petroleum ) and services ( financial and automotive ) .
Some of the eggs and larvae of larger animals , such as fish , crustaceans , and annelids , are included here .
Charlton Heston dead at 84 .
Rock-paper-scissors is a hand game played by two or more people .
Villarpando ( D.M. )
The lists are used in rotating order without regard to year ( the first name for a new year is the next name that was not used the previous year ) , and damaging storm names are retired .
A great hundred , also known as a small gross , is 120 or ten dozen ( a dozen for each finger on both hands ) .
December & ndash ; The River Thames freezes , allowing a frost fair to be held .
Keita Suzuki is a Japanese football ( soccer ) player .
While Arcachon itself is not home to many well-known figures , the writer Alexandre Dumas once lived in Arcachon 's Ville d'Hiver .
The Kalahari has a number of game reserves -- the Tswalu Kalahari Reserve - www.tswalu.com , owned by the Oppenheimer family , is the largest private game reserve in South Africa , the Central Kalahari Game Reserve ( CKGR , the world 's second largest protected area ) , Khutse Game Reserve and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park .
The Malays play a dominant role politically and are included in a grouping identified as bumiputra .
He wanted people with experience in farming , building and making things , but this was rejected .
Like most moon deities , Selene plays a fairly large role in her pantheon , which preceded the Olympic pantheon .
Panem nostrum cotidianum da nobis hodie ; et dimitte nobis debita nostra , Sicut et nos dimittimus debitoribus nostris ; et ne nos inducas in tentationem ; sed libera nos a Malo .
Beetles are the group of insects with the largest number of known species .
The city was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period .
A poor student , Fitzgerald left Princeton to enlist in the US Army during World War I ; however , the war ended shortly after Fitzgerald 's enlistment .
History as a German town Between 1460 and 1864 , Flensburg was , after Copenhagen , the second biggest port in the Kingdom of Denmark , but passed to the Kingdom of Prussia after the Second Schleswig War in 1864 .
Ownership of the vessel changed several times , the last owner being the Toronto-based travel company G.A.P Adventures which acquired the Explorer in 2004 .
At independence , on August 14 , 1947 , Pakistan did not have a national anthem .
Frank Tracy Griswold III ( born 1938 ) was the 25th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
For many years Carthy has enjoyed a creative partnership with fiddle player Dave Swarbrick and , more recently , Waterson : Carthy has provided the forum for a successful partnership with partner Norma Waterson together with their daughter Eliza Carthy .
California , with the highest median home price in the nation and home prices that far outpaced incomes , only ranked ninth with a median household income of $ 61,021 .
Although the concept of a '' kung fu panda '' has been around since at least 1993 , work on the film did not begin until 2004 .
National Institute for Health Care Management Foundation The number of psychiatric drug prescriptions have been increasing at an extremely high rate since the 1950s and show no sign of abating .
In the 1980s and 1990s , biologists found that microbial life has an amazing flexibility for surviving in extreme environments - niches that are extraordinarily hot , or acidic , for example - that would be completely inhospitable to complex organisms .
Grandparents are the father or mother of a person 's own father and\/or mother .
Kangeyam is famous for Bulls , Rice Mills and Oil Mills .
, 2009 ) Pittsburgh Steelers 27 , Arizona Cardinals 23
IAU Circular 3608 describing the discovery of S/1981 N 1 The moon was recovered and confirmed to be the only object in its orbit during the Voyager 2 flyby in 1989 [ on page 1435 ] after which it received the additional designation S/1989 N 2 on August 2 , 1989 .
Scots Confession (/O1560/O) ,
The New Park Street Chapel was a Reformed Baptist church in Southwark in London built in 1833 .
Typhon was finally defeated by Zeus , who trapped him underneath Mount Etna .
After extensive negotiations and much media and industry speculation , on March 30 , 2005 , Disney and the Weinsteins announced that they would not renew their contractual relationship when their existing agreements expired at the end of September 2005 .
Rio Antonio Zoba Mavuba ( born March 8 , 1984 at sea ) is a French football player of Angolan and Congolese descent who plays for and captains Lille O.S.C. in the French Ligue 1 .
'' One Time '' is his hit song .
Usually these kinds of systems run a simple task in a main loop also , but this task is not very sensitive to unexpected delays .
The current members are Deryck Whibley ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Cone McCaslin ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) , Steve Jocz ( drums , backing vocals ) , and Thomas Thacker ( lead guitar , backing vocals , keyboard ) .
A person who rides a bicycle is called a cyclist or a bicyclist .
The name Looney Tunes is a variation on Silly Symphonies , the name of Walt Disney 's concurrent series of music-based cartoon shorts .
The Local Government Act 1985 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom .
A pioneer of television news broadcasting , Murrow produced a series of TV news reports that helped lead to the censure of Senator Joseph McCarthy .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 100 .
Al-Gharafa , known as '' Al Fhoud '' ( Lepords ) are Qatar 's champions three years in a row .
Abbott has represented the seat of Warringah since the 1994 by-election .
Starting from a preliminary list of 200 titles created by bookshops and journalists , 17,000 French voted by responding to the question , '' Which books have stayed in your memory ? ''
This is an article on the subjects of international law .
In 1930 he wrote a letter to the Soviet government , requesting permission to emigrate if the Soviet Union could not find use for him as a writer .
Devlet , the author of '' Rock Art and the Material Culture of Siberian and Central Asian Shamanism '' highlights , '' Another interpretation of these skeletal costume elements explains them as representations of a shaman brought back to life after the dismemberment that occurs during the initiation process : the depicted bones thus refer to the wearer 's own skeleton '' (/O43/O) .
In 1976 , IMS was renamed to IMSAI Manufacturing Corporation because by then , they were a manufacturing company , not a consulting firm .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco ( born February 17 , 1982 ) , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco ( , ) , is an American recording artist , producer and CEO of 1st and 15th Entertainment .
The antiparticle of the down quark is the down antiquark ( sometimes called antidown quark or simply antidown ) , which differs from it only in that some of its properties have equal magnitude but opposite sign .
It was named in honor of Adolf Berberich ( 1861-1920 ) , a German astronomer .
The fourth species , the La Plata Dolphin , lives in salt-water estuaries and near-shore marine environments .
County councils were created by the Local Government Act 1888 , largely taking over the administrative functions of the unelected county courts of quarter sessions .
Drea de Matteo as Joey 's attractive older sister Gina Tribbiani , who is temperamental and promiscuous .
Cloud infrastructure services , also known as '' Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS ) '' , delivers computer infrastructure - typically a platform virtualization environment - as a service .
The Samaveda , containing formulas to be sung by the .
The term was first used in the mid-1960s to describe white artists who performed soul and R&B that was similar to the music of the Motown and Stax record labels .
One of the main function of red blood cells is to transport oxygen .
Other important archaeological remains include the carved stone slabs usually called stelae ( the Maya called them tetun , or '' tree-stones '' ) , which depict rulers along with hieroglyphic texts describing their genealogy , military victories , and other accomplishments .
Jader Volnei Spindler , more commonly known as Baré , ( born January 18 , 1982 ) is a Brazilian football player , currently associated with Al-Ahli in the United Arab Emirates .
She originated the role of Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children , winning the 1995 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series .
These simple undecorated grouped windows are found at Chartres and Laon Cathedrals and are used extensively in Italy .
A subsidiary of Yum !
They entered this region with the first wave of Iranian tribes , in the late second millennium BC ( the Bronze Age collapse ) .
Jenner is a small coastal town with a population of about 252 in Sonoma County , California , U.S./LOCATION. It is located on the Pacific coast near the mouth of the Russian River .
It lies on the River Don , at its confluence with the River Rother , between Sheffield and Doncaster .
The early Church originated in Roman Judea in the first century AD , founded on the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth who is believed by Christians to be the Son of God and Christ the Messiah .
Holger Hieronymus ( born 22 February 1959 in Hamburg ) is a former German football player .
The nave of a church , whether Romanesque , Gothic or Classical , extends from the entry - which may have a separate vestibule , the narthex - to the chancel and is flanked by lower aisles separated from the nave by an arcade .
These can now be transposed to create many more options .
When completed , it will be Europe 's largest onshore wind farm .
It was founded where the nascent Sydney to Melbourne road crossed water in the form of the Yass River .
Lavender is a pale tint of violet .
Landouzy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The main speaker at the ceremony was Edward Everett , but it was here that Abraham Lincoln delivered his most famous speech , the Gettysburg Address .
Short for automatic
In the photoelectric effect , electrons are emitted from matter ( metals and non-metallic solids , liquids or gases ) as a consequence of their absorption of energy from electromagnetic radiation of very short wavelength , such as visible or ultraviolet light .
There were previous temples on its site , where evidence of a sanctuary dates as early as the Bronze Age .
The league reverted back to the Indy Racing League name for the 2002 season , with no title sponsor .
textstyle Optional CSS values used by the text cell .
Metamorphic rock is the result of the transformation of an existing rock type , the protolith , in a process called metamorphism , which means '' change in form '' .
August 29 - Start of the 2012 Summer Paralympics .
is a classic work of Japanese literature attributed to the Japanese noblewoman Murasaki Shikibu in the early eleventh century , around the peak of the Heian period .
This is because in some ways energy and matter ( the stuff we are made of ) are the same thing .
The band comprises lead vocalist and guitarist Brian Aubert , vocalist and bassist Nikki Monninger , drummer Christopher Guanlao and keyboardist Joe Lester .
Rangers blueliner Brad Park , who came runner-up to Orr 's ( then ) five-year monopoly on the Norris Trophy , said , '' Bobby Orr was -- did n't make -- the difference '' .
However , spiders of an unrelated genus , Sicarius , which are sometimes referred to as '' crab spiders '' , are close cousins to the recluse spiders , and are highly venomous .
Just weeks before the season opener , most of the better Spiders players were transferred to St. Louis , including three future Hall of Famers : Young , Jesse Burkett , and Bobby Wallace .
Her sister , Carolina Weidenhayn , ( 1822-1902 ) , became the first professional female xylographer , who after studies in Paris 1858-1867 , became an instructor ( 1859-1881 ) at the technical school Tekniska Skolan ( now Konstfack or University College of Arts , Crafts and Design ) in Stockholm , Sweden .
Offenbach am Main is a city in Hesse , Germany , located on southside of the river Main .
Athens is a city in Limestone County , Alabama , United States .
BBC Drama ' is set in this year .
Cable studied economics at university and became an economic advisor to the Kenyan government in 1966 .
Their children were : Agnes of Germany ( born 1072 ) , married Frederick I von Staufen , Duke of Swabia , and Leopold III , Margrave of Austria .
The Duke of Roxburghe is the Premier Baronet of Scotland by his Baronetcy of Innes-Ker of Innes created in 1625 .
Historically , anything relating to the medieval Norse communities in southwestern Greenland ( see History of Greenland )
Yoshi is the initial protagonist , and the game is the character 's first appearance that allowed players to control him without Mario .
Through the mid-1990s the team was the nucleus around which the community of Italian Formula One constructors collapsed .
Civrieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Buddhism introduced to China by the emperor Ming
The Town of St. Catharines was incorporated in 1845 . St. Catharines was incorporated as a city in 1876 .
The Boston Globe ( favorable )
Checkmate became easier and games could now be won in fewer moves .
Education The city is home to the Université de Nouakchott , which is the only university in Mauritania and was opened in 1981 .
They married on November 22 , 1795 at the home of Dr. Stephen Wood , treasurer of the Northwest Territory , at North Bend ( her father was away in Cincinnati on business ) .
In most heat engines , a bit more than half is lost as excess heat ( see : Second law of thermodynamics and Carnot 's theorem ) .
The Nibelungenlied , translated as The Song of the Nibelungs , is an epic poem in Middle High German .
However , the dialect boundaries are not congruent with political boundaries .
Seven other species of deer were introduced into New Zealand but none are as widespread as Red Deer .
In Singapore , Tamil students learn Tamil as their second language in school , with English as the first .
Crackdown is an open world , third-person shooter video game for the Xbox 360 .
Barenton-sur-Serre is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Daluis is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
It is said that actors can approach either brother with a question and get the same answer .
Chun was sentenced to death in 1996 for authorizing the Gwangju massacre , but later pardoned by President Kim Young-sam on the advice of then President-elect Kim Dae-jung , whom Chun himself had sentenced to death some 20 years earlier .
He studied composition under John Lambert at the Royal College of Music .
The single player hits into a doubles court while the side with two players hits into a singles court .
Eastcote , opened March 1 , 1910 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line October 23 , 1933 .
McLaren 's return to form continued in Valencia , where Hamilton qualified on pole position for the first time in the season , heading a McLaren one-two with team-mate Heikki Kovalainen .
It consists of a large peninsula in the northwestern Aegean Sea , resembling a hand with three '' fingers '' ( though in Greek these peninsulas are often referred to as '' legs '' ) & ndash ; Pallene ( now Kassandra ) , Sithonia , and Agion Oros ( the ancient Acte ) , which contains Mount Athos and its monasteries .
Later , in 2004 , the new borough 's districts were rearranged , dividing the former borough of Charlottenburg into the localities Westend , Charlottenburg-Nord and Charlottenburg .
History The Norwegian Refugee Council was established in 1946 under the name Aid to Europe , to assist refugees in Europe after World War II .
Leptospira was first observed in 1907 from a post mortem renal tissue slice .
Rolling Stone called the album one of the most significant releases of the 1970s and placed him alongside Neil Young , Jackson Browne , and Bruce Springsteen as one of the four most important new artists to become well known during the decade .
This excludes the Free and Hanseatic Cities of Bremen and Hamburg , which reject any orders ; by old tradition their citizens will refuse any decoration in the form of an order .
In astronomy The dwarf planet Pluto 's largest moon is named Charon , and while not directly named after this figure , it did influence the choice .
Quesques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In cold weather , long underwear sometimes is worn to provide additional warmth .
Smith was born in Highlands , New Jersey , the son of Grace , a homemaker , and Donald E. Smith ( 1936 -- 2003 ) , a postal worker .
Every year on April 24 , hundreds of thousands of Armenians gather here to remember the victims of the 1915 Armenian Genocide that took place in the Ottoman Empire carried out by the Turkish government .
United Parcel Service , Inc. , colloquially referred to as UPS , is a package delivery company .
Cardan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Football Club United of Manchester ( F.C. United of Manchester , FC United , FCUoM or FCUM for short ) is a semi-professional English association football club based in Bury , Greater Manchester , and currently playing in the Northern Premier League Premier Division , the 7th tier of league football .
He made his debut for the Danish national team in March 2010 , and was the youngest player of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa .
In terms of capacity , the stadium holds more people than the town of Dingwall , which had a population of 5,521 at the last census in 2001 .
It is found in woody and many herbaceous dicots , gymnosperms and some monocots , which usually lack secondary growth .
The judge was a man employed by the Bishop .
Due to the circadian clock , sleepiness does not continuously increase as time passes .
Kim Jung-Woo ( , born 9 May 1982 ) , from Korea University , is a South Korean football player who as of 2010 Sangju Sangmu Phoenix .
Blue and Great Tits form mixed winter flocks , and the former are perhaps the better gymnasts in the slender twigs .
Debian packages are standard Unix ar archives that include two gzipped , bzipped or lzmaed tar archives : one that holds the control information and another that contains the data .
The first perfect number is 6 , because 1 , 2 , and 3 are its proper positive divisors , and 1 + 2 + 3 = 6 .
You must delete all sections Entitled '' Endorsements '' .
La Hoguette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Teletubbies speak in a gurgling baby language which is the subject of some controversy among educationalists , some of whom argue that this supposedly made-up talk is not good for children .
October 30 & ndash ; John Logie Baird creates Britain 's first television transmitter .
Hypercars , hydrogen , and the automotive transition International Journal of Vehicle Design , Vol .
ISBN 978-1-4243-0915-8 The Orange Skipperling is almost all bright orange on the upper side except for the basal areas being black .
Growth and prosperity ( 1900 -- 1945 ) By the United States Census of 1900 , the population of Scranton was about 102,026 , making it the 38th largest city in the United States .
Awards and honours With Russell Hoban , he was awarded the 1974 Whitbread Award for Children 's Book for How Tom Beat Captain Najork and His Hired Sportsmen .
They are also popular in Latin America , France , Portugal , Morocco , the United States , Australia , and Spanish-speaking Caribbean islands .
Fulton is a city in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
The genre was pioneered in the mid-1980s by rappers such as Schoolly D and Ice-T , and was popularized in the later part of the 1980s by groups like N.W.A. .
Combray is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Aridoamerica Chichimeca Chichimeca was the name that the Mexica ( Aztecs ) generically applied to a wide range of semi-nomadic peoples who inhabited the north of modern-day Mexico , and carried the same sense as the European term '' barbarian '' .
The work was entitled The Origins and Ideals of the Modern School and was translated into English by Joseph McCabe and published by the Knickerbocker Press in 1913 .
The eighth match was a No Holds Barred match between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon .
Wilson is then seen physically trying to stop Taylor from leaving the room by grabbing his pant leg .
The Jikji was written by the Buddhist monk Baegun ( 1298-1374 , Buddhist name Gyeonghan ) , who served as the chief priest of Anguk and Shingwang temples in Haeju , and was published in two volumes in Seongbulsan in 1372 .
Crash Bandicoot is a series of platform video games currently developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Activision .
Super OS ( formerly : Super Ubuntu ) is a freely-available Linux distribution .
Working with Rita Levi-Montalcini ( co-recipient of the Nobel Prize in 1986 ) at Washington University in St. Louis in the 1950s , Cohen isolated nerve growth factor and then went on to discover epidermal growth factor .
Bidher is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
Group for LGBT Muslims that quickly became very popular .
Not everyone can bend an element , and those that can can only bend one .
Dragonair is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong 's flag carrier , Cathay Pacific , and an affiliate member of Oneworld .
While water is inside the chamber , the siphuncle extracts salt from it and diffuses it into the blood .
The most prominent examples of non-coding RNAs are transfer RNA ( tRNA ) and ribosomal RNA ( rRNA ) , both of which are involved in the process of translation .
MEPIS LLC was founded in 2002 and leverages the MEPIS Linux distribution as a foundation for MEPIS business partners to build and deploy virtualized data center , secure server and desktop solutions that integrate and provide a migration path for utilizing hardware virtualization , IPv6 , IPsec and DNSsec .
The word ga a when associated with Ganesha is often taken to refer to the ga as , a troop of semi-divine beings that form part of the retinue of Shiva ( IAST : ) .
Persian empire Zoroastrianism was the state religion of the Sassanid dynasty which lasted until 651 , when Persia was conquered by the forces of Islam .
Classification formalises what constitutes a '' state secret '' and accords different levels of protection based on the expected damage the information might cause in the wrong hands .
The tenth millennium is a period of time that will begin on January 1 , 9001 , and will end on December 31 , 10000 .
On 5 November 2006 , Saddam Hussein was found guilty of crimes against humanity and sentenced to death by hanging .
Moses and Bailey (/O1998/O) , describe the evidence of sensory function as '' indirect , '' and state that , '' aside from anecdotal reports , it has not been demonstrated that this is associated with increased male sexual pleasure . ''
Piss Christ is a 1987 photograph by photographer Andres Serrano .
From 1904 , Hertha 's home ground was the Plumpe in the city 's Wedding ( Gesundbrunnen ) district .
He defined his idea as '' crime committed by a person of respectability and high social status in the course of his occupation '' ( Sutherland , 1939 ) .
Waterford on US Nuclear Power Plants List
They can change colour rapidly and the primary purpose of colour change is for communication with other chameleons and for controlling body temperature by changing to dark colours to absorb heat .
It is a large constellation located in the southern hemisphere near the center of the Milky Way .
After losing a power struggle with the board of directors in 1985 , Jobs resigned from Apple and founded NeXT , a computer platform development company specializing in the higher education and business markets .
A universally held belief in the Christian church by the second century , '' Virgin Birth '' britannica.com Retrieved October 22 , 2007 .
The Natural History Museum is one of three large museums on Exhibition Road , South Kensington , London , England ( the others are the Science Museum , and the Victoria and Albert Museum ) .
The club currently plays in Football League Two , the fourth tier of English football .
Spacetime also appears to have a simply connected topology , at least on the length-scale of the observable universe . However , present observations can not exclude the possibilities that the universe has more dimensions and that its spacetime may have a multiply connected global topology , in analogy with the cylindrical or toroidal topologies of two-dimensional spaces .
The Persian is a longhaired cat characterized by its round face and shortened muzzle . Its name refers to Persia , the former name of Iran , where similar cats are found .
Cleary received the Library of Congress Living Legends award in the Writers and Artists category in April 2000 for her significant contributions to the cultural heritage of the United States .
Breweries , as production facilities reserved for making beer , did not emerge until monasteries and other Christian institutions started producing beer not only for their own consumption , but also to use as payment .
Their diet consists of various insects , spiders , earthworms and slugs , but they also occasionally eat small vertebrates like newts and young frogs .
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil , 3rd Marquess of Salisbury , KG , GCVO , PC ( 3 February 1830 -- 22 August 1903 ) , known as Lord Robert Cecil before 1865 and as Viscount Cranborne from 1865 until 1868 , was a British Conservative statesman and thrice Prime Minister , serving for a total of over 13 years .
He returned to Lick Observatory as its director in 1898 , but died not long after in 1900 .
Belbin and Agosto qualified for the 2002 Olympics by placing second at U.S. championships , but were not able to go because Belbin was not an American citizen .
Bazougers is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Angela is currently ranked World No. 158 , race-singles World No. 260 and World No. 198 in doubles as of March 8 , 2010 .
Shunichiro Okano ( born August 28 , 1931 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
De Guzman progressed through Feyenoord 's youth academy , making his first team debut in 2005 and has played over 100 matches for the club from Rotterdam .
In response , WWF wrestlers consisting of The Dudley Boyz , Tazz , Justin Credible , Rhyno , and Raven ( all former ECW wrestlers ) ran to the ring .
Increased demand since the 1980s , principally from China , for both Amomum villosum and Amomum tsao-ko has provided a key source of income for poor farmers living at higher altitudes in localized areas of China , Laos and Vietnam , people typically isolated from many other markets .
West Fork is a city in Washington County , Arkansas , United States .
In his three seasons with the Millers , he appeared in 118 games , recording 33 shutouts with a 1.37 goals against average ( average of goals surrendered in a span of sixty minutes ) .
He founded Thomas Heatherwick Studio ( now called just Heatherwick Studio ) in 1994 with his aim being '' to bring architecture , design and sculpture together within a single practice '' .
The only way in which strings can interact is by splitting and combining in a smooth way .
The couple are second cousins once removed through King Christian IX of Denmark and third cousins through Queen Victoria .
Glen Canyon is a canyon that is located in southeastern and south central Utah and northwestern Arizona within the Vermilion Cliffs area .
She currently works as a bank teller and is a junior at Brigham Young University studying music , where she plays the harp .
Verizon Ladies First Tour is a 2004 concert tour by American R&B - soul singers Beyoncé and Alicia Keys and American rapper Missy Elliott , with Canadian singer Tamia as their tour guest .
Civil and political rights are a class of rights that protect individuals ' freedom from unwarranted infringement by governments and private organizations , and ensure one 's ability to participate in the civil and political life of the state without discrimination or repression .
The numbering of printing plates has long been a part of quality control in the printing process .
It is thinner than continental crust , or sial , generally less than 10 kilometers thick , however it is denser , having a mean density of about 3.3 grams per cubic centimeter .
The trilobite , inarticulate brachiopod , archaeocyathid , and eocrinoid faunas of the Cambrian were succeeded by those that dominated the rest of the Paleozoic , such as articulate brachiopods , cephalopods , and crinoids .
However , on average , taller people have a slimmer build relative to their height than do shorter people , and the exponent which matches the variation best is between 2 and 3 .
His famous medley Fantasia on British Sea Songs , prepared for the 1905 centenary celebrations of the Battle of Trafalgar , is now an indispensable item at the Last Night of the Proms .
Around Ciney , in the future Wallonia , begins the fratricid war of the cow which will last until 1278 .
In 1920 the university reorganized the College of Engineering and formed an advisory committee of 100 industrialists to guide academic research initiatives .
Dennison , p. 2 She was the fifth daughter and youngest of the nine children of the reigning British monarch , Queen Victoria , and her husband , Albert , the Prince Consort .
ACE is , broadly speaking , a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time ( such as Bertha ) as well as particularly strong hurricanes ( such as Ike ) , have high ACEs .
It is no more than 2.75 inches in diameter at the thickest part and no more than 42 inches ( 1067 mm ) in length .
Like many Egyptian writers and intellectuals , Mahfouz was on an Islamic fundamentalist '' death list '' .
The Botany of Desire External links Old Tulips Canadian National Capital Commission : The Gift of Tulips Greig 's tulip ( tulipa greigii ) in its original habitat in Kazakhstan Lalades ( Tulips of Chios : Tulipa praecox , Tulipa aegenensis , Tulipa clusiana , and Tulipa undulatifolia ) elegant-tulip-bulbs .
The whole animal was traditionally eaten ; tripe , ( trippa ) and ( lampredotto ) were once regularly on the menu and still are sold at the food carts stationed throughout the city .
The Group bought Manchester City Football Club , negotiating the deal on 1 September 2008 .
Sweet Charity -- Book by Neil Simon , music by Cy Coleman , lyrics by Dorothy Fields .
The Province of Viterbo is a province in the Lazio region of Italy . Its capital is the city of Viterbo .
An ecumenical council ( or oecumenical council ; also general council ) is a conference of the bishops of the whole Christian Church convened to discuss and settle matters of Church doctrine and practice .
She is the most famous example of a Cunning woman in her country .
After Hahn completed her part of the contract with Sony , which was for five recordings over six years , she decided against renewing the contract as she and Sony did not agree on her future projects .
Later that year , M.I.A. featured in the song '' Come Around '' , a bonus track on Timbaland 's 2007 album Shock Value and a track on Kala .
She is married to actor Christopher Guest ( Lord Haden-Guest ) and , as the wife of a lord , is titled Lady Haden-Guest , but she chooses not to use the title when in the United States .
The Constitution of Australia is the supreme law under which the Australian Commonwealth Government operates .
Yosuke Kataoka is a Japanese football player who plays for Omiya Ardija .
The larvae are entirely aquatic , and are characterized by large external gills and a prominent caudal fin that originates just behind the head .
The district-free city of Zwickau was located in the center of the district and nearly completely surrounded by it .
It is usually performed by a specialized medical doctor called a pathologist .
In 2009 Prime Minister Kevin Rudd described the Governor-General as the Australian head of state , announcing an overseas visit by Quentin Bryce by saying , '' A visit to Africa of this scale by Australia 's Head of State will express the seriousness of Australia 's commitment '' .
The novel first appeared as a two-part series in Rolling Stone magazine in 1971 , was printed as a book in 1972 , and was later adapted into a film of the same name in 1998 starring Johnny Depp and Benicio del Toro .
Nort-Leulinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Le Molay-Littry is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A state religion ( also called an official religion , established church or state church ) is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .
The county was formed in 1839 from the western part of Macon County .
A new bridge across the Peel River at Nundle was completed in early 2008 , with the funding of $ 683,000 provided by the NSW State Government .
The War Department existed from 1789 until September 18 , 1947 , when it split into Department of the Army and Department of the Air Force and joined the Department of the Navy as part of the new joint National Military Establishment ( NME ) , renamed the United States Department of Defense in 1949 .
From 1989 , Vikernes had been playing in the short lived band Old Funeral which also consisted of members who would later form the band Immortal .
It is the largest city of the country and main port , which borders the Indian Ocean .
The Papacy of St. Pius V ( 1566 -- 1572 ) was known not only for its focus on halting heresy and worldly abuses within the Church , but also for its focus on improving popular piety in a determined effort to stem the appeal of Protestantism .
Materials attributed to this network of trade were also found at Great Zimbabwe .
Current models There is no truly '' standard model '' of the origin of life .
In 1976 , he obtained his PhD with a thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People , which was still a controversial topic at the time .
As dictator of Germany , Hitler attempted to unite all German-speaking people , just as Poetsch 's lectures had demanded , and persecuted Slavs , Jews , Gypsies , and other minorities , eventually attempting to exterminate them in the '' Final Solution '' .
Elemental potassium is a soft silvery-white metallic alkali metal that oxidizes rapidly in air and is very reactive with water , generating sufficient heat to ignite the evolved hydrogen .
Little Rock is a city in Lyon County , Iowa , United States , along the Little Rock River .
San Diego is the 2nd largest city in California .
Kargil district to the west , and Lahul and Spiti to the south .
Dignitaries from the country hosting the race then present trophies to the drivers and a constructor 's trophy to a representative from the winner 's team , and the winning drivers spray each other and the fans with champagne .
Being faced with a beating heart cadaver is often a disturbing and confusing experience .
The World Factbook ( ISSN ; also known as the CIA World Factbook ) is a reference resource produced by the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States with almanac-style information about the countries of the world .
MeshID = D012216
Religion does not teach us to bear ill-will among ourselves We are of Hind , our homeland is Hindustan .
Miso soup recipe Keiichiro 's Misunderstanding Thoughts of a native Japanese on soup in Japan and soup in the west .
In humans , Factor VIII is encoded by the F8 gene .
Taylor is considered one of the great actresses of Hollywood 's golden age .
The oldest known description and surgical treatment of cancer was discovered in Egypt and dates back to approximately 1600 BC .
Pascal remained in close correspondence with his guru Meher Baba right up to the end of his life and met with him for the last time in Scarsdale , New York in 1952 .
Saint-Martin-d ' Hardinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In this case diploid individuals are generally female , and haploid individuals ( which develop from unfertilized eggs ) are male .
Aubin-Saint-Vaast is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Sir ( Herbert ) Hamilton Harty ( 4 December 1879 -- 19 February 1941 ) was an Irish and British composer , conductor , pianist and organist .
Division ( digital ) , digital implementation of mathematical division
Catarrh ( ) is a thick exudate of mucus and white blood cells caused by the swelling of the mucous membranes in the head in response to an infection .
frac { dy } { dx } , !
However , some sources claim that an unofficial football tournament was organised during the first competition , in which an Athens XI lost to a team representing Smyrna ( Izmir ) , then part of the Ottoman Empire .
Japanese cuisine is based on combining staple foods typically rice or noodles , with a soup and okazu ( ) -- dishes made from fish , meat , vegetable , tofu and the like -- to add flavor to the staple food .
Instead he maroons them with a small dinghy on an island .
Bulgaria ( 1940 & ndash ; 1944 ) - The pro-Nazi régimes of Prime Minister Bogdan Filov and Prime Minister Dobri Bozhilov were German puppet régimes .
They put on a headband with the rising sun , and a senninbari , a '' belt of a thousand stitches '' sewn by a thousand women who made one stitch each .
Situated on the Timor Sea , Darwin has a population of 124,800 , making it by far the largest and most populated city in the sparsely populated Northern Territory , but the least populous of all Australia 's capital cities .
Antoni Grabowski ( June 11 , 1857 in Nowe Dobra , a village 10 km northeast of Che mno -- July 4 , 1921 in Warsaw ) was a Polish chemical engineer , and an activist of the early Esperanto movement .
It was also revealed in the '' Turn Left '' Doctor Who Confidential that Billie had made arrangements to return as Rose since she decided to leave .
The Space Shuttle , part of the Space Transportation System ( STS ) , is an American spacecraft operated by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) for orbital human spaceflight missions .
The land bordering the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying .
Transport The stadium is approximately from Ipswich railway station , which lies on the Great Eastern Main Line from London Liverpool Street to Norwich .
For the characters , see Victor Frankenstein or Frankenstein 's monster .
RIAA certification criteria .
The 1908 Summer Olympics , officially the Games of the IV Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event which was held in 1908 in London .
Yahoo !
Parcé-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The nearest airport is Aberdeen Airport at Dyce .
Koji Nakajima is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
During World War I , the medal was awarded to military personnel , units above the level of company and civilians for exceptional valor in the face of the enemy .
Stefka Kostadinova ( Bulgaria ) has held the women 's world record 2.09 m since 1987 , also the longest-held record in the event .
Lebiez is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In addition to these few common mathematical definitions , there are many more looser , but equally valid , usages to describe observations from other fields such as biology , the arts , history , and humanities .
Cuttlebone , also known as cuttlefish bone , is a hard , brittle internal structure found in all members of the family Sepiidae , commonly known as cuttlefish .
The term ` U-Pb dating ' normally implies the coupled use of both decay schemes in the ` concordia diagram ' ( see below ) .
The son of Frederick II , king of Denmark-Norway , and Sofie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin , he was born at Frederiksborg castle in 1577 .
Most of the matter in the star is blown away by the supernova explosion ( forming nebulae such as the Crab Nebula ) and what remains will be a neutron star ( which sometimes manifests itself as a pulsar or X-ray burster ) or , in the case of the largest stars ( large enough to leave a stellar remnant greater than roughly 4 solar masses ) , a black hole .
It is one of the most abundant sharks in the pelagic zone , and can be found around the world in tropical waters .
After an early powerbomb Hart attempted to lock in the sharpshooter but Helmsley reversed it and started some offensive manoeuvres of his own , kicking Hart in the turnbuckle and delivering a suplex .
The autonomic nervous system ( ANS ) ( or visceral nervous system ) is the part of the peripheral nervous system that controls the body 's internal state .
Mary Magdalene or Mary of Magdala ( original Greek ) in ; ; ; ; ; ; replaces '' '' with '' '' because of the case change ) .
Unlike a solar eclipse , which can only be viewed from a certain relatively small area of the world , a lunar eclipse may be viewed from anywhere on the night side of the Earth . A lunar eclipse lasts for a few hours , whereas a total solar eclipse lasts for only a few minutes at any given place .
Sayana 's commentary on the Vedas , Brahmanas and Aranyakas was written under the petronage of Bukka .
The site , when first chosen , was in marshland outside the city walls .
After acquiring SUSE Linux in January 2004 , Novell decided to release the SUSE Linux Professional product as a 100 % open source project , involving the community in the development process .
At the time of its release , Internet-based gaming was just beginning . Duke Nukem 3D did not support the TCP\/IP client\/server model , instead basing its network play on the IPX LAN , modem or serial cable .
Lamarr was born Hedwig Eva Maria Kiesler in Vienna , Austria-Hungary , to Jewish parents Gertrud ( née Lichtwitz ) , a pianist and Budapest native who came from the '' Jewish haute bourgeoisie '' , and Lemberg-born Emil Kiesler , a successful bank director .
RSA padding schemes must be carefully designed so as to prevent sophisticated attacks which may be facilitated by a predictable message structure .
Three optional expansions are currently available : World of Warcraft : The Burning Crusade , released in January 2007 , World of Warcraft : Wrath of the Lich King , released in November 2008 , and World of Warcraft : Cataclysm , released in December 2010 .
White leaders often viewed Native Americans as obstacles to economic and political progress , rather than as settlers in their own right .
These poems were published only once , in 1936 , as part of a scholarly edition of Lermontov 's complete works ( edited by Irakly Andronikov ) .
On 1 January 2010 the new FIDE rating list was published , and at the age of he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one , breaking the record previously held by Vladimir Kramnik .
KBO should not be confused with the Korea Professional Baseball League . KBO was founded in 1981 , has been governing two leagues what are Korea Professional Baseball and Futures League ( ; farm league ) from 1982 .
In Niger , slavery is also a current phenomenon .
The band formed in 1976 when the members were teenagers with limited musical proficiency .
Systems based on ASCII or a compatible character set use either LF ( Line feed , ' n ' , 0x0A , 10 in decimal ) or CR ( Carriage return , ' r ' , 0x0D , 13 in decimal ) individually , or CR followed by LF ( CR+LF , 0x0D 0x0A ) .
Pskov is conquered by Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy .
However , the study of ticks and mites is sometimes not included in arachnology , but is called Acarology .
It follows a Westminster-derived parliamentary system and consists of the Queen , represented by the Governor of Victoria ; the Legislative Council ; and the Legislative Assembly .
This system 's center of circulation passed south of observation buoy 46637 on November 1 .
Use the same grammatical form for all elements in a list , and do not mix the use of sentences and sentence fragments as elements .
Jonathan ( John ) Silver ( born 1950 ) is the former second drummer for the English rock band Genesis .
Background and early career Nader was born in Winsted , Connecticut .
After only three years , following a coup d'etat , the borders of the former provinces were restored , though not their autonomous status .
Today the television is still a major source of recipe information , with international cooks and chefs such as Jamie Oliver , Gordon Ramsay , Nigella Lawson and Rachael Ray having prime-time shows and backing them up with Internet websites giving the details of all their recipes .
The lower part of the trap contains glands which absorb nutrients from captured prey .
SRAM exhibits data remanence , but is still volatile in the conventional sense that data is eventually lost when the memory is not powered .
John Robert '' Joe '' Cocker , OBE ( born 20 May 1944 ) is an English rock/blues singer who came to popularity in the 1960s , and is most known for his gritty voice , his idiosyncratic arm movements while performing and his cover versions of popular songs , particularly those of The Beatles .
Vocalion Records was a record label historically active in the United States and in the United Kingdom .
'' Ca n't Stop This Thing We Started '' is a song by Bryan Adams .
She served as First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 , while her husband was President .
Gdebi is a tool that can install .
It is said to be a sapling from the historical Bodhi tree under which Buddha became enlightened .
La Boisse is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Thomas and Johnston retired in 1978 , and both later enjoyed cameos in the Brad Bird-directed films The Iron Giant ( Warner Bros. , 1999 ) and The Incredibles ( Pixar , 2004 ) .
It reached its peak intensity on August 1 , with winds of 135 mph ( 215 km/h ) and a central pressure of 946 millibars , making it the strongest hurricane of the season at a Category 4 strength .
They identified two other Flight 11 victims , including the lead flight attendant Karen Martin , after body fragments were discovered near Ground Zero in 2006 .
Since video games play a central role in the film , many video games based on Tron have been produced over the years .
Although Baird 's electromechanical system was eventually displaced by purely electronic systems ( such as those of Philo Farnsworth ) , his early successes demonstrating working television broadcasts and his color and cinema television work earn him a prominent place in television 's invention .
Tim Hortons Inc. ( , ) is a Canadian coffee shop known for its coffee and doughnuts .
From their first season in Denver in 1995 , until the end of the 1998 -- 99 season , the Avalanche played their home games at McNichols Sports Arena .
He quickly established himself as a villain when he did n't let the referee hold up his arm after the win and later started a feud with ECW Original Tommy Dreamer by attacking him after Dreamer had saved Chase Stevens from Mike Knox ( Michael Hettinga ) .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
Mika Pohjola ( ( born December 1 , 1971 ) is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer , who resides in New York City .
It is also possible to accommodate a countably infinite number of new guests : just move the person occupying room 1 to room 2 , the guest occupying room 2 to room 4 , and in general room n to room 2n , and all the odd-numbered rooms will be free for the new guests .
He unsuccessfully ran for the presidency in the 1952 , 1958 , and 1964 elections , but was elected in 1970 .
Lift is defined to be the component of this force that is perpendicular to the oncoming flow direction .
A short story titled '' The Forbidden '' , from Barker 's Books of Blood , provided the basis for the film Candyman and its two sequels .
After forming over the Arafura Sea , the storm moved southwards and affected the city with Category 4 winds on the Australian cyclone intensity scale , while there is evidence to suggest that it had reached Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale when it made landfall .
Focus on the Family ( FOTF , or FotF ) is an American evangelical Christian tax-exempt non-profit organization founded in 1977 by
The song of the Black-capped is a simple , clear whistle of two notes , identical in rhythm , the first roughly a third above the second .
Franco Tancredi ( born 10 January 1955 in Giulianova ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper who played for A.S. Roma and Italy .
San José ( '' Saint Joseph '' , , ) is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica .
It is located at the river Elbe , approx . 40 km northwest of Dresden .
His work earned him seven Grammy awards over the years and he was elected to the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1978 .
The prospective host city applies to its country 's Olympic Committee ; if more than one city from the same country submits a proposal to its NOC , the national committee typically holds an internal selection , since only one city per NOC can be presented to the International Olympic Committee for consideration .
Saint-Sylvain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is alleged that the church tower was infamously used as a temporary jail during the rebellion of 1837 .
This feature was maintained in the ultimate design . Bramante 's dome was to be surmounted by a lantern with its own small dome but otherwise very similar in form to the Early Renaissance lantern of Florence Cathedral designed for Brunelleschi 's dome by Michelozzo .
The test on Landis 's stage 17 A sample had been performed by the French government 's anti-doping clinical laboratory , the National Laboratory for Doping Detection ( LNDD ) . LNDD is a division of the Ministry of Youth , Sport , and Social Life and is accredited by WADA , the World Anti-Doping Agency .
The presidency armies , like the presidencies themselves , belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny , when the British Crown took over all three presidencies .
Discography Pablo Honey ( 1993 ) The Bends ( 1995 ) OK Computer ( 1997 ) Kid A ( 2000 ) Amnesiac ( 2001 ) Hail to the Thief ( 2003 ) In Rainbows ( 2007 ) Awards and nominations References Sources Randall , Mac .
Petit-Verly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Quizzes are usually scored in points and many quizzes are designed to determine a winner from a group of participants - usually the participant with the highest score .
Peter Henry Fonda ( born February 23 , 1940 ) is an American actor .
The May Queen or Queen of May is a term which has two distinct but related meanings , as a mythical figure and as a holiday personification .
Ruskie is a village in the Stirling council area , Scotland .
Martina Navratilova ( born October 18 , 1956 ) is a Czech American and former Czechoslovak tennis player and a former World No. 1 .
Since the book Middletown appeared in 1929 , sociologists have often used Midwestern cities ( and the Midwest generally ) as '' typical '' of the entire nation .
Costa Coffee is a coffee house company based in the United Kingdom founded in 1971 by Italian brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa , as a wholesale operation supplying roasted coffee to caterers and specialist Italian coffee shops .
His translations had an influential impact on the development of Esperanto into a language of literature .
Despite his best efforts at defending himself , the narrator 's '' over acuteness of the senses , '' which help him hear the heart beating in the floorboards , is actually evidence that he is truly mad .
In Australia , the Za Kabuki troupe at the Australian National University has performed a kabuki drama each year since 1976 , the longest regular kabuki performance outside of Japan .
Skokie ( ; formerly Niles Center ) is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American Football team based in Glendale , Arizona .
Related to Social SF and Soft SF are the speculative fiction branches of utopian or dystopian stories ; George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four , Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World and Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale , are examples .
Aillas is a commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
The angle of the slats may be adjustable , usual in blinds and windows , or fixed .
Blue sent Bennington two tapes of Xero 's unreleased recordings -- one with vocals by former Xero member Mark Wakefield , and the other with only the instrumental tracks -- asking for his '' interpretation of the songs '' .
Bernd Franke ( born 12 February 1948 ) is a former German football player .
Instead they are soaked , possibly skinned , then ground with the addition of a small quantity of onion , parsley , spices ( including cumin ) , and bicarbonate of soda , and deep fried at a high temperature .
In May 1986 , Toyota was ready to release its next version of the Supra . The bonds between the Celica and the Supra were cut ; they were now two completely different models .
The storm formed over the Bahamas on July 21 then moved north erratically , approaching Bermuda on July 26 .
King Henry III of England orders the production of a twenty pence English coin of pure gold , the first high-denomination coin minted in England and the first to use gold .
Saint-Martin-des-Besaces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The carriage shed built into the cutting beyond the station is a temporary structure erected in 2003 .
From street level , the building is 992 feet ( 302 m ) tall and contains 71 floors .
At Tribal Council , Tina accused her tribemates about their work ethic , prompting everyone to vote her out .
That same year he travelled through France , the Netherlands and Germany .
Walt Disney jokingly called this group of animators his '' Nine Old Men , '' referring to Franklin D. Roosevelt 's dismissive description of the nine justices of the US Supreme Court , even though the animators were in their thirties and forties at the time .
Sulfur is referenced in the Bible as brimstone , with this name still used in several nonscientific terms .
, the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits ; according to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki , this is where the dead go to dwell and apparently rot indefinitely .
This example of acoustic aggressive mimicry is similar to the Photuris firefly case in that the predator 's mimicry is remarkably versatile - playback experiments show that C. leucoviridis is able to attract males of many cicada species , including Cicadettine cicadas from other continents , even though cicada mating signals are species-specific .
Yuksel 's publications
The album has since then become a blues classic and it brought Shines into the mainstream music scene .
Venus was a major Roman goddess principally associated with love , beauty and fertility , who played a key role in many Roman religious festivals and myths .
The population of the city 's metropolitan area was 59,323 in 1939 , 532,564 in 1990 , and 950,000 in 2005 .
, were a series of confrontations in the 1950s and 1970s between the United Kingdom and Iceland regarding fishing rights in the North Atlantic .
The show features numerous celebrity guests and musical acts .
The Persian Gulf and its coastal areas are the world 's largest single source of crude oil and related industries dominate the region .
Echinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In April 1980 , due to increasing pressure from Chun and other politicians , Choi appointed Chun as head of the Korean Central Intelligence Agency .
Chester Charles Bennington ( born March 20 , 1976 ) is an American musician and singer-songwriter .
'' It looks like Apple 's upcoming iPhone and has a lot of the same features , but it 'll appeal primarily to the very well-heeled -- which is just the way Prada wants it .
For our country And for our forefathers , Let us train our sons .
The Class 180 is a type of British diesel multiple unit built by Alstom between 2000 and 2001 at Washwood Heath in Birmingham for express use by First Great Western ( FGW ) .
La Selve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Many Mosques throughout the United States welcome non-Muslims as a sign of openness to the rest of the community as well as to encourage conversions to Islam .
Darts is a form of throwing game where darts are thrown at a circular target ( dartboard ) fixed to a wall .
Avon , New Brunswick , in the province of New Brunswick
Fawcett was a sex symbol whose iconic poster , released the same year Charlie 's Angels premiered , broke sales records , making her an international pop culture icon .
Bart and Lisa investigate , convinced that Krusty has been framed .
He that shall be guilty of Drunkenness in time of Engagement shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and Majority of the Company shall think fit .
The whale shark , Rhincodon typus , is a slow-moving filter feeding shark , the largest living fish species .
If a '' hurricane season '' were to be demarcated in the South Atlantic , it would most likely be the opposite of the North Atlantic season , from November to the end of April with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere .
Denis MacShane ( L )
Although Humphrey Bogart , a longtime friend of Bennett 's , pleaded with the studio on her behalf to keep her role as Amelie Ducotel in We 're No Angels ( ) , that movie proved to be one of her last .
In 2003 , he returned to General Hospital as Luis ' twin brother , Lorenzo Alcazar , a powerful , well connected and shady mobster\/tycoon .
It was reported that over 500 people were treated for burns and other injuries , with 100 people admitted to hospital with major burns .
The Fuji circuit is well known to fans of the arcade racing game Pole Position , as cars raced on the circuit in the popular loop .
They keep outer garments from being soiled by perspiration , urine , semen , feces , and other discharges ; shape the body ; and provide support for parts of it .
The winning bid should be announced in 2017 .
Colin James Barnett ( born 15 July 1950 ) , Australian politician , is the leader of the Western Australian Liberal Party and Premier of Western Australia since the 2008 election .
He made important early contributions to the representation of orchestral music on the gramophone , beginning in 1920 with Scriabin 's The Poem of Ecstasy and afterwards conducting many excerpts from Wagner 's Der Ring des Nibelungen and ( in 1923 and 1926 ) two complete recordings of Symphony No. 9 of Beethoven .
Aizelles is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .
It is located near the Pakistani border with Iran .
There is snow on the pass all year round , although in the summer only a small stretch of snow has to be passed .
It has been most commonly identified in classical music , developing strongly during the Renaissance and in much of the common practice period , especially in Baroque music .
In contrast to the black-uniformed Allgemeine-SS ( the political wing of the SS ) , the Waffen-SS ( the military wing ) evolved into a second German army aside the Wehrmacht ( the regular armed forces ) and operating in tandem with them ; especially the Heer ( German Army ) .
As part of the Raw vs. SmackDown !
Katsuo Kanda ( born June 21 , 1966 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Committee for the scientific investigation of Claims of the Paranormal .
Of the four novels , Hyperion received the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1990 ; The Fall of Hyperion won the Locus and British Science Fiction Awards in 1991 ; and The Rise of Endymion received the Locus Award in 1998 .
The seed is hard , white and oily .
This determination of starting moment is more accurate than the Gregorian calendar because it is synchronized with the vernal equinox year , M. Heydari-Malayeri , A concise review of the Iranian calendar , Paris Observatory .
Nearly all modern computers implement some form of the stored-program architecture , making it the single trait by which the word '' computer '' is now defined .
Tenkodogo is the capital city of Boulgou Province and Centre-Est Region in Burkina Faso with a population of 40,839 ( 2006 ) .
Angus Ian MacPherson ( born 11 October 1968 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish former football player and manager .
Kingston sits amid excellent cruising and boating territory , with easy access to Lake Ontario , the St. Lawrence River , and the Thousand Islands including the St. Lawrence Islands National Park .
Wolong National Nature Reserve ( ) is a protected area located in Wenchuan County , Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China .
The current lineup is Dobe Newton , Roger Corbett , Mark Oats , Clare O'Meara , Michael Vidale , Ben Corbett , and the drummer Adrian Cannon .
Following her graduation in 1988 , Fey enrolled at the University of Virginia , where she studied playwriting and acting .
The party also publicly disapproved of Turkey 's proposed membership in the European Union , which Chirac had previously endorsed several times publicly .
Some establishments , especially cheaper and more casual ones , may serve both soba and udon as they are often served in a similar manner .
Homeward Bound II : Lost in San Francisco is the 1996 sequel to the 1993 film ' .
As Senator , Gravel became nationally known for his forceful but unsuccessful attempts to end the draft during the Vietnam War and for having put the Pentagon Papers into the public record in 1971 despite risk to himself .
Alaska ( ) is the largest state of the United States by area .
Lady Margaret Monckton : the rich , unpleasant , and elderly wife of Mr. Monckton .
Conway is a city in Taylor County , Iowa , United States .
The Roman Catholic Church generally only uses this term for Papal encyclicals , but the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Anglican Communion retain the older usage .
The purported survival of Anastasia has been the subject of both theatrical and made-for-television films .
Vahakn N. Dadrian ( born May 26 , 1926 in Istanbul ) , currently the director of Genocide Research at Zoryan Institute , is a professor of sociology , and an internationally-renowned expert on the Armenian genocide .
For simple unicellular organismsSingle cell organisms .
The problem is similar to another classic paradox , the irresistible force paradox : What happens when an irresistible force meets an immovable object ?
Vensac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Korean Central Intelligence Agency ( KCIA ) was created on June 19 , 1961 to prevent a countercoup and to suppress all potential enemies , domestic and international .
Ferdinand ( ) is the outermost retrograde irregular satellite of Uranus .
She was the second child of the feminist philosopher , educator , and writer Mary Wollstonecraft , and the first child of the philosopher , novelist , and journalist William Godwin .
January 16 & ndash ; The UN Security Council unanimously establishes an arms embargo and freezes the assets of Osama bin Laden , Al-Qaeda , and the Taliban .
Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss ( 30 April 1777 - 23 February 1855 ) was a German mathematician and scientist who contributed significantly to many fields , including number theory , statistics , analysis , differential geometry , geodesy , geophysics , electrostatics , astronomy and optics .
Instead , he got the word '' pixel '' from Keith E. McFarland , at the Link Division of General Precision in Palo Alto , who did not know where the word originated .
, were a series of confrontations in the 1950s and 1970s between the United Kingdom and Iceland regarding fishing rights in the North Atlantic .
The Belcea Quartet were quartet in-residence at Wigmore Hall in London from 2001 to 2006 .
There was also a historical reason : under the Communist regime , May 2 was a day when national flags , hoisted for Labor Day on May 1 were being quickly removed before Polish Constitution Day ( May 3 ) , which was banned by the authorities . Since the re-introduction of the Constitution Day in 1990 and establishment of the Polish Flag Day , the flag is flown continuously during the first three days of May .
The film stars Russell Crowe , along with Jennifer Connelly , Ed Harris , Christopher Plummer and Paul Bettany .
Second , asymmetric encryption is too slow for general purpose use , but many otherwise good encryption algorithms require that keys be distributed securely before encryption can be used .
She passes over a skunk , a siamese cat , and a cat with an eye infection before finally deciding upon Snowball III . He drowns trying to catch a goldfish in an aquarium while Lisa is preparing his cat food in the kitchen for the first time .
John Francombe '' Ian '' Ure ( born 7 December 1939 ) is a Scottish former footballer . Ure began his career in his native Scotland with Dundee , before moving to England to play for Arsenal and Manchester United .
The couple had two daughters , Nieves Mathews ( 1917 - 2003 ) and professor\/historian Dr. Isabel de Madariaga ( 1919 - ) .
Thus , saffron threads would be scattered across beds and mixed into hot teas as a curative for bouts of melancholy .
Tilly-Capelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
According to the most recent classification , it can be one of five different types : arterial , venous , hypoxic , thromboembolic or miscellaneous .
In October 2007 , it was announced that Bloc Party would release a new single , '' Flux '' , on 13 November -- ahead of their end of year gigs .
The totient function is also called Euler 's phi function or simply the phi function , since it is commonly denoted by the Greek letter phi .
The agreement officially ended the Albigensian Crusade in which Raymond conceded defeat to Louis IX .
His work in theorical particle physics exerted great influence on the development of the standard model in the late 20th century especially on the renormalization and the charm quark .
Its capital is the city of Arezzo .
Scientific classification aims to group species together such that every group is descended from a single common ancestor and therefore it is frequently a goal to eliminate groups that are found to be polyphyletic .
Margaret Hilda Thatcher , Baroness Thatcher LG , OM , PC , FRS ( born 13 October 1925 ) served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and Leader of the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990 .
Although corals can catch small fish and animals such as plankton using stinging cells on their tentacles , most corals obtain the majority of their energy and nutrients from photosynthetic unicellular algae called zooxanthellae .
Air Force records show that at least 6,542 spraying missions took place over the course of Operation Ranch Hand .
Stars were proven to be similar to the Earth 's own Sun , but with a wide range of temperatures , masses , and sizes .
Since 1800 , the human population has increased from one billion to over six billion .
Firestone soon saw the huge potential for marketing tires for automobiles .
Buissy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It received its premiere at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus on 16 August 1876 , as part of the first complete performance of The Ring .
His two sons Daniele and Andrea are both professional footballers .
Newark is the home of the University of Delaware .
Situated close to the city , Vizhinjam is very close to international shipping routes and the East-West shipping axis and hardly require maintenance dredging .
Ambérieu - en-Bugey
Its Latin name alfinus was reinterpreted many ways .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
The speed and rate of rotation of the fluid are greatest at the center , and decrease progressively with distance from the center .
Some fronts produce no precipitation and little cloudiness , although there is invariably a wind shift .
It was released in Japan on November 1 , 2007 , the United States on November 12 , 2007 , Canada on November 14 , 2007 , Europe on November 16 , 2007 , Australia on November 29 , 2007 , South Africa on February 1 , 2008 .
The categories are further broken down based on specific genres and between Feature Film 's and Television shows .
Starting with the first publication in 1993 , the Kitava Study has subsequently generated a number of scientific publications on the relationship between diet and western disease .
In many cultures the name for third molars , which are the last teeth to grow , is etymologically linked with wisdom , e.g. as in the English wisdom tooth .
Cryptic coloration is the most common form of camouflage , found to some extent in the majority of species .
It passed through Nampa .
He went on to form another band , Pirate , with high school friends , and met Powderfinger at a Pirate show .
She stated that the inaugural champions would be determined from an eight-team tournament .
Metastatic breast cancer is a complex multi-step process involving the expansion of cancerous cells from the breast to other areas of the body . It is a serious complication of breast cancer , as metastatic disease in breast cancer is often fatal , with treatments mainly limited to palliation .
Elle McFeast is an Australian television character created by comedian Libbi Gorr .
Entraunes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland .
Systems engineering is an interdisciplinary field of engineering that focuses on how complex engineering projects should be designed and managed over the life cycle of the project .
Ragdoll is based in Stratford-upon-Avon , UK and has produced Pob 's Programme , Brum , Rosie and Jim , Tots TV , Teletubbies , Boohbah and most recently In the Night Garden ... , which won a BAFTA Children 's award in the section for Pre-school Live Action in 2007 .
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians that use internal insemination exclusively ( although the tailed frog in the U.S. does use a tail-like appendage for internal insemination in its fast flowing water environment ) .
United States The Zenith Phonevision system became the first pay-per-view system tested in the United States of America .
It was discovered by Holman , et al . on 13 August 2001 , and given the temporary designation S\/2001 U 1 .
The New York Rangers beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one for the Stanley Cup .
Both works were later completed by his pupil , Tibor Serly .
It is played between two teams of 4 players on ponies ( small horses ) who attempt to score goals ( points ) by putting the ball in the goal using long mallets ( long sticks ) .
She is the widow of jazz composer Sir John Dankworth .
His work often explores themes of alienation and isolation , featuring characters whose interactions are mediated through technology , bureaucracy or other power structures .
Its primary industry is agriculture .
The imperial city of Chang ` an during the Han Dynasty was located in northwest of today 's Xi'an .
Saint-Ouen-le-Houx is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The first round , or group stage , saw the thirty-two teams divided into eight groups of four teams .
Using the unit circle , two identities can be found : cos ( t ) = cos ( 2 k + t ) and sin ( t ) = sin ( 2 k + t ) for any integer t.
Today the term West Punjab is used in Pakistan to describe the western part of Pakistan 's Punjab province , The political divides within - Dawn while in India it is often used to refer to Pakistani Punjab .
Regnauville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Abbey Theatre In 1899 , Yeats , Lady Gregory , Edward Martyn , and George Moore established the Irish Literary Theatre for the purpose of performing Celtic and Irish plays .
Source location : Houghton Mifflin Company , 2004 .
It is the branch of engineering that involves the production and usage of heat and mechanical power for the design , production , and operation of machines and tools .
Sierra Entertainment made a game version of The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor for Wii , PlayStation 2 , and Nintendo DS , which was released on July 22 , 2008 in North America to mostly negative reviews . Gameloft made game version of The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor for mobile phones .
In 1915-1916 the college changed its name to '' Agricultural and Technical College '' , as part of a major overhaul .
It crosses the Afghan-Pakistan border about 80 km southwest of Jalalabad , and joins the Indus River near Isa Khel after a course of more than 320 km ( 200 miles ) .
The winter fur is long ( being 40 - 50 mm long on the lower back ) , and consists of sparse , coarse , bristle-like hairs lacking underfur .
In 1616 , Ralphe Brooke , York Herald , tricked Garter King of Arms , Segar , into granting a coat of arms to the common hangman for a fee of 22 shillingsSamuel Pegge : Parentalia : or , Memoirs of the Rev. Dr. Pegge , 1818 , s. 335 - 336 .
Duke Nukem 3D was ported to many of the consoles of that time .
According to Livy 's account of the legend , she was the daughter of Numitor , king of Alba Longa and descendant of Aeneas .
The Bahamas national football team is the national team of the Bahamas and is controlled by the Bahamas Football Association .
Green Day collaborated with Iggy Pop on two tracks for his album Skull Ring in November 2003 .
The shrinking generator takes a different approach .
As Deianeira is crowned Queen of Troy we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky , a man approaches him asking him for help , Hercules agrees and the two men walk off to the next adventure .
Vassogne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The IEEE ( read eye-triple-e ) is an international non-profit , professional organization for the advancement of technology related to electricity .
Clara Josephine Wieck was born in Leipzig on 13 September 1819 to Friedrich and Marianne Wieck ( née Tromlitz ) .
It was originally played as part of farm work , on rural holidays , at other village community-building events , and in shamanistic rituals .
As well as paying for routine maintenance , the waqf financed the expenses for the tomb attendants and the Hafiz , the Koran reciters who would sit day and night in the mausoleum and perform funery services praying for the eternal soul of Mumtaz Mahal .
'' Pioneers '' ( Bloc Party vs The Mystery Jets )
During World War II , Nissel was interned as a '' friendly enemy alien '' on the Isle of Man where he met the violist Peter Schidlof and later the violinist Norbert Brainin .
Tingry is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Making only rare appearances , he won again in 1997 , jointly with Matthew Sadler and for a third time in 2010 .
Note that on all stereo releases of both packages , '' I Am the Walrus '' is in true-stereo only part way through , after which the sound becomes fake-stereo .
Old Zion Reformed Church and Liberty Bell Shrine Museum , 622 Hamilton St. Located on Hamilton Street in center city Allentown , the temporary hiding place of the Liberty Bell in 1777-78 during the Revolutionary War .
Kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding Kavirondo Gulf ( now Winam Gulf ) as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of British East Africa ( The '' Nilotic Kavirondo '' and the '' Bantu Kavirondo '' ) .
Quiévrain is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The original drummer Tony Richards has stated in an interview that Rik Fox and Blackie Lawless were outside making a smoke machine when a wasp landed on Rik 's hand .
Traditionally , inorganic compounds are considered to be of a mineral , not biological , origin .
Founded in 1947 , it is Pakistan 's largest and oldest stock exchange , with many Pakistani as well as overseas listings .
When GRUB Stage 2 receives control , it presents an interface where the user can select which operating system to boot .
He is also called James the Greater to distinguish him from James , son of Alphaeus , who is also known as James the Less .
However , do n't overuse infoboxes , when the details are better explained outside the infobox , in the article text .
Boys ( Swedish band ) , a rock band .
Crabapples are widely grown as ornamental trees , grown for their beautiful flowers or fruit , with numerous cultivars selected for these qualities and for resistance to disease .
Peterhead sits at the easternmost point in mainland Scotland .
At the time , brothers Aldo and Rodolfo controlled equal 50 % shares of the company , though contributed less to the company than he and his sons did .
The film is loosely based on The Lightning Thief , the first novel in the Percy Jackson & The Olympians series by Rick Riordan .
The channel shares its name with a co-owned magazine about CNBC-e .
The group became known for an anonymous leaflet campaign , lasting from June 1942 until February 1943 , that called for active opposition to German dictator Adolf Hitler 's regime .
Maarten Stekelenburg ( ; born 22 September 1982 in Haarlem ) is a professional Dutch football goalkeeper who currently plays for Ajax and the Netherlands national football team .
Although the master-plan was followed until the 1930s , the 1950s saw the modernist style established as a new '' house style '' , resulting in the mix of university buildings seen today .
The Wikipedia deletion policy describes how pages that do not meet the relevant criteria for content of the encyclopedia are identified and removed from Wikipedia .
Edgar Cayce ( March 18 , 1877 -- January 3 , 1945 ) ( ) was an American who claimed to be a psychic with the ability to channel answers to questions on subjects such as health or Atlantis while in a self-induced trance .
Over-the-knee socks or socks that extend higher ( thigh-high socks ) are today considered female garments .
He learned the violin , cello and piano as a child .
, Great Soviet Encyclopedia .
Death penalty : The first state execution using gas in the United States takes place in Nevada .
issued by prime ministers or other government ministers .
He received the nickname '' Butch '' as a youth and continues to use the name professionally as an adult .
The group excludes all vertebrates with jaws , known as gnathostomes .
Web Gallery of Art Born in Mainz to a family of engravers and die-cutters , Stieler received some artistic training from his father , August Friedrich Stieler ( 1736 -- 1789 ) .
Hot Club de Paris are an English band from Liverpool .
Although this is not recommended in the NPOV policy , criticism may tend to collect in a separate section .
A spoke is one of some number of rods radiating from the center of a wheel ( the hub where the axle connects ) , connecting the hub with the round traction surface .
The Taiping Rebellion was a widespread civil war in southern China from 1850 to 1864 , led by heterodox Christian convert Hong Xiuquan , against the ruling Qing Dynasty .
During the Migration Period Scarbantia was believed to be deserted and by the time Hungarians arrived in the area , it was in ruins .
K.A.N. Sastri , A History of South India pp 333 -- 335 Age of empires ( 600 -- 1300 ) The medieval period of the history of the Tamil country saw the rise and fall of many kingdoms , some of whom went on to the extent of empires , exerting influences both in India and overseas .
Albury is a major regional city in New South Wales , Australia , located on the Hume Highway on the northern side of the Murray River . It is located wholly within the boundaries of the City of Albury Local Government Area .
The Act was passed in the British and therefore unrepresentative Irish Parliament with substantial majorities achieved in part ( according to contemporary documents ) through bribery , namely the awarding of peerages and honours to critics to get their votes .
The tension of a quantum string is closely related to its size .
Carl Philipp Gottlieb von Clausewitz ( ; July 1 , 1780Bassford , Christopher .
In the movie , Allelujah and his lover Marie Parfacy pilot together Gundam Harute , which was created over Arios ' and GN Archer 's frame .
Ella Koon Yun Na is Hong Kong-based Cantopop singer , actress and model .
The coordinates are often chosen such that one of the numbers represent vertical position , and two or three of the numbers represent horizontal position .
Silliman University ( also referred to as Silliman or SU ) is a Christian private university located in Dumaguete City , Negros Oriental , Philippines .
Sarah Jane , Luke and Mr Smith appear in the final two episodes of series four of Doctor Who , '' The Stolen Earth '' and '' Journey 's End '' .
Andromeda is the nearest spiral galaxy to the Milky Way , but not the closest galaxy overall .
German philosophy , here taken to mean either ( 1 ) philosophy in the German language or ( 2 ) philosophy by Germans , has been extremely diverse , and central to both the analytic and continental traditions in philosophy for centuries , from Leibniz through Kant , Hegel , Schopenhauer , Marx , Nietzsche , Heidegger and Wittgenstein to contemporary philosophers .
In the document Graf Adolf IV .
Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments , often on hiking trails .
However , Jubilate Agno was not to be published until 1939 and A Song to David received mixed reviews until the 19th century .
Herbert Spencer ( 27 April 1820 -- 8 December 1903 ) was an English philosopher , prominent classical liberal political theorist , and sociological theorist of the Victorian era .
From 2001 to 2004 , Cyrus starred in the television show Doc .
By far the largest group of living gymnosperms are the conifers ( pines , cypresses , and relatives ) , followed by cycads , Gnetales ( Gnetophyta , Ephedra and Welwitschia ) , and Ginkgo ( a single living species ) .
The potter 's wheel in myth and legend In Ancient Egyptian mythology , the god Khnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel .
The Template : Convert\/Dual\/LoffF displays results from a 4-part unit-name amount conversion , as non-wikilinked , to support the standard Template : Convert .
During the Baroque period music in G minor was usually written with a one-flat key signature , and some modern editions of that repertoire retain that convention .
In 1940 the Manchukuo yuan was being used to measure Manchukuo exports and imports to countries that included America , Germany and Japan .
With the construction of massive power dams on the lower course of the river , flows of over are unusual .
Rodrigo , his first all-Italian opera , was produced in Florence in 1707 .
Special editions of the film contain official tie-ins which depicts events happening before and after the film 's plot .
In an effort to colonize the wilderness especially of southwest France , almost seven hundred new towns were built between 1222 ( Cordes-sur-Ciel , Tarn ) and 1372 ( La Bastide d'Anjou , Tarn ) .
Biological classification belongs to the science of biological systematics .
Fossil members of Loxodonta have only been found in Africa , where they developed in the middle Pliocene .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 1,149 square miles ( 2,976 km ) , of which 998 square miles ( 2,585 km ) is land and 151 square miles ( 391 km ) ( 13.15 % ) is water .
The capital and largest city is Budapest .
Hardy returned to TNA on July 21 and was awarded a shot at the NWA World Heavyweight Championship .
The term ji was used until the pre-modern terms chimchae ( hanja : , lit .
Mothballs are small balls of chemical pesticide and deodorant used when storing clothing and other articles susceptible to damage from mold or moth larvae ( especially clothes moths like Tineola bisselliella ) .
See also List of software that uses the MIT License External links The MIT License template The X Window System Trap opinion essay of Richard Stallman .
Latin and subsequently English translators selectively used the term gentiles when the context for the base term ` peoples ' or ` nations ' , Hebrew , ( goy ) and ( nokhri ) in the Hebrew Bible and the Greek word ( éthn ) in the New Testament , indicated non-Israelite peoples or nations .
Saint-Michel-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Dance Flick is a 2009 American comedy directed by Damien Dante Wayans , written by his uncles , the Wayans Brothers , and starring Damon Wayans , Jr. , and Shoshana Bush . The film is a spoof of the popular dance film genre .
At that time Wilkins also introduced Francis Crick to the importance of DNA .
Andrew '' Andy '' Frank Millen ( born 10 June 1965 , in Glasgow ) is a Scottish professional football player playing for Queen 's Park after making his comeback at the age of 45 .
The municipality has a population of ( ) and covers an area of of which is water .
Palagnedra is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Americas Loma Caldera in El Salvador erupts , burying the Maya village of Joya de Cerén .
Najaf ( ; BGN : An Najaf ) is a city in Iraq about 160 km south of Baghdad .
Color displays ( e.g. , computer monitors and televisions ) mix red , green , and blue color to create colors within their respective color triangles , and so can only approximately represent spectral colors , which are in general outside any color triangle .
This stimulated his interest in identifying and publicizing ways that humanity could destroy itself , with the hope of avoiding such a cataclysm and eventually becoming a spacefaring species .
Virginia Beach is an independent city located in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of Virginia , on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay .
It is called a '' book '' , as it is usually represented with pages , although it can be shown on a single page or banner .
Survivor Srbija , Serbia
The central characters are the Reverend Eric Camden ( Stephen Collins ) , his wife Annie ( Catherine Hicks ) , and their seven children : Matt ( Barry Watson ) , Mary ( Jessica Biel ) , Lucy ( Beverley Mitchell ) , Simon ( David Gallagher ) , Ruthie ( Mackenzie Rosman ) and the twins , David ( Lorenzo Brino ) and Sam ( Nikolas Brino ) .
After pollination , the fruit develops into a legume long , containing 1 to 4 seeds , which forces its way underground to mature .
The territory takes its name from Gaza , its main city .
In 1988 , Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands conferred the '' Royal '' title upon the orchestra .
Quetzals are strikingly colored birds of the trogon family ( Trogonidae ) found in tropical regions of the Americas .
The lenses , instead of being reshaped as they are in humans , are pulled around by reshaping the entire eye to change focus .
Flowers are most often blue in color , although pink flowers are sometimes observed .
The song was # 75 on the Billboard Hot 100 year end chart of 2000 .
In 1890 he won the Anton Rubinstein Competition with his Concert Piece for Piano and Orchestra , Op .
He stayed there 7 years , and taught the Gingerbread cooking to French priests and Christians .
Altentreptow ( ) is a town in the district of Demmin , in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , Germany .
Kappa is a village in Woodford County , Illinois , United States .
The Powells returned to London during August , 1937 .
Indira gained the surname '' Gandhi '' by her marriage to Feroze Gandhi .
Baron-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Quake III Arena is the third in the series and differs from previous games by excluding a traditional single-player element and focusing on multi-player action .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery ( born August 25 , 1930 ) , best known as Sean Connery , is an Academy Award , Golden Globe , and BAFTA Award winning Scottish actor and producer .
The first of more than sixty film appearances was Say It With Music in 1932 .
During the Siglo de Oro ( Golden Century ) , in the 16th\/17th century , Madrid bore little resemblance to other European capitals , as the population of the city was economically dependent on the business of the court itself , and there was no other significant activity .
This period was a long , drawn-out struggle for domination by individual daimyo , resulting in a mass power-struggle between the various houses to dominate the whole of Japan .
When that province was dissolved in 1970 , the territory of the former state of Kharan was organised as Kharan District of the province of Baluchistan ( later Balochistan ) .
Personal life Jacqueline du Pré met pianist Daniel Barenboim on New Year 's Eve 1966 .
Mary Scott Harrison McKee ( April 3 , 1858 & ndash ; October 28 , 1930 ) was the first lady to her father President Benjamin Harrison , when her mother , Caroline Harrison , was seriously ill and then died .
In 1606 he killed a young man in a brawl and fled from Rome with a price on his head .
When the fetus is born , its placenta begins a physiological separation for spontaneous expulsion afterwards ( and for this reason is also called the afterbirth ) .
Many pay special attention to the red bandana\/scarf tied around the end of his guitar 's neck above the nut , seen in most of Dufour 's YouTube videos - he has stated in interviews that this is used to mute the strings ringing above the nut as they would resonate after a hard strum .
It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
Gabrielle 's abilities throughout the series are noticed by the God of War who seeks her out as his new protégée .
In August , the Jonas Brothers made several appearances on television .
They are known as the ` bird-hipped ' dinosaurs because of their bird-like hip structure , even though birds actually descended from the ` lizard-hipped ' dinosaurs ( the saurischians ) .
; Intense heat The heat needed for geyser formation comes from magma that needs to be near the surface of the earth .
The electrostatic force is almost always significant , and in the case of beta decay , the weak nuclear force is also involved .
The station is sponsored by ING Direct and the University of Reading .
Undated William Dampier explores the northwest coast of Australia .
The Stagecoach Sheffield Supertram , commonly called the Supertram , is a light rail tram system in the British city of Sheffield .
His recordings and performances of Johann Sebastian Bach 's Cello Suites recorded in 1983 and again in 1994 - 1997 are particularly acclaimed .
The Kamakura period , 1185 to 1333 , is a period that marks the governance of the Kamakura shogunate and the transition to the Japanese '' medieval '' era , a nearly 700-year period in which the emperor , the court , and the traditional central government were left intact but were largely relegated to ceremonial functions .
Substantial populations descended from English colonists and immigrants exist in the United States , Canada , Australia , South Africa and New Zealand .
I , II , III , IV , V , VI , VII , VIII , IX , and X.
The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , known as Zelda no Densetsu : Kamigami no Triforce in Japan , is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console , and the third installment in The Legend of Zelda series .
It premiered on 26 November 1968 as Disc Parade and was presented by Ernst Grissemann .
An intensive care unit ( ICU ) , critical care unit ( CCU ) , intensive therapy unit or intensive treatment unit ( ITU ) is a specialized department used in many countries ' hospitals that provides intensive care medicine .
In contrast to the black-uniformed Allgemeine SS ( the political wing of the SS ) , the Waffen-SS ( the military wing ) evolved into a second German army aside the Wehrmacht ( the regular armed forces ) and operating in tandem with them ; especially with the Heer ( German Army ) .
Ireland 's share of the imperial debt was to be paid .
Raffles Institution ( Secondary ) ( RI ( Secondary ) ) is the all-boys ' Secondary section of Raffles Institution .
Non-theism is a term less open to the same misunderstanding , as it implies the simple non-acceptance of the Theist 's explanation of the origin and government of the world . ''
The Parable of the Barren Fig Tree ( not to be confused with the parable of the budding fig tree ) is a well known parable of Jesus .
Upon its return , the Orbitron was sold to Beau Boeckmann of '' Pimp My Ride '' fame who completed the restoration of the car in approximately 100 days .
Liturgical calendar Roman Catholics , Anglicans , Eastern Christians , and traditional Protestant communities frame worship around a liturgical calendar .
Although St. Laurent fostered Moore , they were not equals on the pool table .
Sokal , Alan & Bricmont , Jean (/O1997/O) : Intellectual Impostures : Postmodern Philosophers ' Abuse of Science , Profile Books , 2003 .
Twenty-three different emirs ruled Granada from the founding of the dynasty in 1232 by Muhammed I ibn Nasr until January 2 , 1492 , when Muhammad XII surrendered to the Christian Spanish kingdoms of Aragon and Castile .
Sarah Yorke Jackson ( July 16 , 1803 & ndash ; August 23 , 1887 ) was the daughter-in-law of US President Andrew Jackson .
It is located about 45 kilometres ( 28 miles ) northwest of the Spanish capital , Madrid , in the town of San Lorenzo de El Escorial .
