He also works as an arranger and editor , most notably ( in his youth ) of the extraordinarily successful Carols for Choirs anthology series in collaboration with Sir David Willcocks .
Embedded debugging may be performed at different levels , depending on the facilities available .
Strait of Malacca , between Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra , connecting the Indian Ocean with the South China Sea , is one of the highest-volume shipping lanes & the world 's longest strait about 500 miles .
The Volvo S40 is a compact executive car produced by Volvo .
Mitchie wrote the song in the beginning of the movie , and was later heard ( in an acoustic version on piano ) , but not seen , by Shane , who set out to search for the girl behind the amazing voice .
The '' Stars of the White Nights '' festival was originally started by the first mayor of St. Petersburg , Anatoly Sobchak , and has been held annually since 1993 .
Its primary use is as the home to Queen 's Park F.C. , the Scotland national football team and Scottish cup finals .
Tiger Bay , Cardiff , Wales
Released on Abbey Road and part of the long , climactic medley that closes the album , it features vocals from all four of the Beatles ( a rarity in their songs ) .
The ` garden huckleberry ' ( Solanum melanocerasum ) is not considered to be a true huckleberry but a member of the nightshade family .
The station and surrounding neighborhood of Arnos Grove take their names from the Arnos Grove estate , which was north of the station .
This was inconclusive , and was followed by a series of small surface actions during the summer , among them battle of the Espero convoy and the battle of Cape Spada .
XSLT is most often used to convert data between different XML schemas or to convert XML data into web pages or PDF documents .
It won seven Oscars , including Best Picture and Best Director .
The motorway engineers here chose to follow the route of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway engineered by Joseph Locke ( now part of the West Coast Main Line ) where the motorway runs in a split-level cutting above the railway in the descent from Shap Fell through the Lune Gorge into southern Cumbria .
Possibly observed by Aztec astronomers .
In economics the change must increase value , customer value , or producer value .
It is located between three mountain ranges : the Western Ghats form its western boundary , and the Eastern Ghats its eastern boundary .
Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame as part of the club 's centenary celebrations in 2003 .
She debuted with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in March 2007 .
To the west Colima borders the Pacific Ocean .
There are two languages that show Goidelic influence , although they are not Goidelic languages themselves .
Bloc Party 's third studio album takes an experimental , electronic direction , despite Okereke suggesting this would not be the case , having said that the sound will have the '' rawness '' of Silent Alarm , but the '' experience '' of A Weekend in the City .
The club had two options on how to fill the corner between The Barclay and the Jarrold Stand .
The Chinese also show this by having their designations for military aircraft start with the number 5 , as in the fighter plane '' Shenyang J-5 '' .
Following the rebirth of Superman and the destruction of Green Lantern 's hometown of Coast City in the early 1990s , Hal Jordan seemingly went insane and destroyed the Green Lantern Corps and the Central Power Battery .
Montreuil-Poulay is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Ebbe Sand ( born July 19 , 1972 ) is a Danish former professional footballer who most notably played as a striker for FC Schalke 04 in Germany .
It has a population of 5,026 .
Francis Colburn Adams was an American miscellaneous writer , formerly living in Charleston , South Carolina , who wrote under various pseudonyms .
Founded in 1912 and currently owned by media conglomerate Viacom , it is America 's oldest existing film studio ; it is also the last major film studio still headquartered in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles .
The original Taurus was a milestone design for Ford and the entire American automotive industry , as well as a very influential vehicle that brought many new features and innovations to the marketplace .
Edwards is one of the last original delta blues guitarists still performing .
The son of a cobbler , Cave was born in Newton near Rugby , Warwickshire and attended the grammar school there , but was expelled after being accused of stealing from the headmaster .
He released over 200 recordings , won seven Grammy Awards , and received other numerous awards and honors over the course of his career .
In the episode , Marge 's sister Selma is looking for a husband , so Marge orders Homer to help her find one .
Berrios G.E. (/O2004/O) Of mania .
President Harrison 's wife , Anna Harrison , was too ill to travel when her husband set out from Ohio for his inauguration .
During the Middle Ages , it was adapted to the Romance languages , the direct descendants of Latin , as well as to the Celtic , Germanic , Baltic , and some Slavic languages , and finally to most of the languages of Europe .
The Nightingale ( Luscinia megarhynchos ) , also known as Rufous and Common Nightingale , is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family Turdidae , but is now more generally considered to be an Old World flycatcher , Muscicapidae .
Dr. Yevgeny Sergeivich Botkin , also known as Dr. Eugene Botkin ( 27 March 1865 - 17 July 1918 ) was the court physician for Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra and , while in exile with the family , sometimes treated the hemophilia-related complications of the Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia .
In 1495 Aldus Manutius published the complete works at Venice .
Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Tagged Command Queuing ( TCQ ) is a technology built into certain ATA and SCSI hard drives . It allows the operating system to send multiple read and write requests to a hard drive .
Laffy Taffy is a brand of candy first produced in the 1970s .
It is a letter from St. Paul to the church of Philippi .
Angelo Domenghini ( born August 25 , 1941 ) is an Italian former footballer .
The song '' These Days '' was written for Two Hands and '' My Kind of Scene '' was written for Mission : Impossible II .
Kolding is also the site of Designskolen Kolding , a university level design school .
The Christian kingdoms that were still in the North of Spain decided to fight to conquer the rest Spain again from the Muslims .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
He is survived by a son , Robert , a daughter , Peggy Ashburn , four grandchildren - Janette , Heather , Kay , and John - and nine great-grand children .
With the then recent success of Lock Up and Tango and Cash , at the start of the 1990s Stallone starred in the fifth installment of the Rocky franchise Rocky V which was considered a box office disappointment and was also disliked by fans as an unworthy entry in the series .
Transcaucasia , in particular where modern day Georgia and Armenia are located , is one of the native areas of the wine producing vine vitis vinifera .
Jessica Samuels , one of the group , says : '' We were bored , he was out and so we decided to pay him a visit .
Four editions of Windows 2000 were released : Professional , Server , Advanced Server , and Datacenter Server .
Year 1426 ( MCDXXVI ) was a common year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
In the early 1980s , the Popes retired and transferred the park to their son , Dick Pope , Jr./O.
June 11 -- John Constable , English painter ( d. 1837 )
After attending the Academy of Richmond County in Augusta , Georgia for high school , Whisenhunt played college football at Georgia Tech ( 1980-84 ) , Scott Michaux Coach takes pressure in stride , Augusta Chronicle , January 28 , 2009 .
Reforms to apartheid in the 1980s failed to quell the mounting opposition , and in 1990 President Frederik Willem de Klerk began negotiations to end apartheid , culminating in multi-racial democratic elections in 1994 , which were won by the African National Congress under Nelson Mandela .
The following example from The Times demonstrates how the interpolation of a sic can subtly discredit a quoted statement : Warehouse has been around for 30 years and has 263 stores , suggesting a large fan base .
Ressons-le-Long is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Sex education is a broad term used to describe education about human sexual anatomy , sexual reproduction , sexual intercourse , reproductive health , emotional relations , reproductive rights and responsibilities , abstinence , contraception , and other aspects of human sexual behavior .
For example , a '' subscriber '' role type describes the property common to instances of the class '' Person '' when they participate in a '' subscribes-to '' relationship with the class '' Magazine '' .
Dill ( Anethum graveolens ) is a short-lived perennial herb .
The key elements of the charter are : Everyone has the right to apply to become an editor and to become involved in the project .
When this downdraft , or '' downburst '' , reaches the ground , dry , loose sand from the desert settings is essentially blown up , creating a wall of sediment preceding the storm cloud .
Today Holocaust deniers employ this controversy to cast aspersions on the veracity of the Nazi genocide .
Notable residents Gus Grissom - astronaut and recipient of the Congressional Space Medal of Honor and the Purple Heart medal .
Coetzee , J.M. '' Osip Mandelstam and the Stalin Ode '' , Representations , No. 35 , Special Issue : Monumental Histories .
Saturday is the sixth day of the week according to international standard ISO 8601 , or the last ( seventh ) day of the week in conventions that consider the week as beginning on Sunday .
She also starred in the successful musicals Lili ( 1953 ) , with Mel Ferrer ; Daddy Long Legs ( 1955 ) , with Fred Astaire , and Gigi ( 1958 ) with Louis Jourdan and Maurice Chevalier .
Red blood cells ( also referred to as erythrocytes ) are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate organism 's principal means of delivering oxygen ( O2 ) to the body tissues via the blood flow through the circulatory system .
The outer layer of the Earth is a chemically distinct silicate solid crust , which is underlain by a highly viscous solid mantle .
These points are usually on the surface of the Earth , and they are often used to establish land maps and boundaries for ownership or governmental purposes .
In the eighties a long rent strike against the college 's investment in apartheid South Africa was organised .
The faux mixing of Romance languages occurs in the last three lines of the song .
He proceeded to the Franco-Prussian War in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at Vaucouleurs , he remained in French captivity for three months .
Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas , Nevada formed in 2004 .
Jack Sock , who received wildcard into the singles main draw , won this tournament , after defeating his compatriot , tenth-seeded Denis Kudla in the final .
Rock that contains greater than 50 % tuff is considered tuffaceous .
The Egyptian Vulture ( Neophron percnopterus ) Ali & Ripley ( 1983 ) is a small Old World vulture , found from southwestern Europe and northern Africa to southern Asia .
Phylogeny of the New World True Frogs ( Rana ) .
From 1985 to 1989 , he was Principal Conductor of the Bournemouth Sinfonietta .
He studied at the Paris Conservatoire , and under the composer Vincent D'Indy at the Schola Cantorum .
Shawano County - southwest
There , from 1986 to 1993 , he appeared in local productions and worked as a director and teacher at Flagler College .
In the following month , on April 30 , Licinius inflicted a decisive defeat on Maximinus at the Battle of Tzirallum , after Maximinus had tried attacking him .
Although Derbyshire is in the East Midlands , some parts , such as High Peak , are closer to the northern cities of Manchester and Sheffield and these parts do receive services which are more affiliated with northern England ; for example , the North West Ambulance Service , Granada Television and United Utilities serve the High Peak and some NHS Trusts within this region are governed by the Greater Manchester Health Authority .
The first recorded use of lilac as a color name in English was in 1775 .
In Greek mythology , it was identified as the Nemean Lion which was killed by Hercules during one of his twelve labors , and subsequently put into the sky .
Generally , an attempt is made to keep the removed portion of skin intact .
Simon Peyton Jones ( born in South Africa on January 18 , 1958 ) is a British computer scientist who researches the implementation and applications of functional programming languages , particularly lazy functional languages .
Before coming under German rule in 1884 , the town was also known as Cameroons Town ; thereafter it became Kamerunstadt ( '' Camaroon City '' ) , the capital of German Kamerun .
World of Warcraft , often referred to as WoW , is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) by Blizzard Entertainment , a subsidiary of Activision Blizzard .
There are six cities in Scotland : Aberdeen , Dundee , Edinburgh , Glasgow , most recently Inverness , and Stirling .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
The arrondissement consists of four communes : Port-de-Paix , Bassin Bleu , Chansolme and Tortuga Island .
The United States presidential election of 1992 had three major candidates : Incumbent Republican President George H. W. Bush ; Democratic Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton , and independent Texas businessman Ross Perot .
Mysterio started a storyline with John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield ( JBL ) following the event and defeated him two months later at Judgment Day .
Mineral is a town in Louisa County , Virginia , United States .
Second form His second form is similar in appearance to the first , except much larger , both in height and muscle mass , Frieza claiming to have at least doubled his power ( of over 1,000,000 ) in this state .
The falafel balls are topped with salads , pickled vegetables , hot sauce , and drizzled with tahini-based sauces .
Termen is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
He died in his home at 10 Walsingham Tce , Brighton on 6 October 1891 of a heart attack and in the arms of his wife , Katharine .
World War I reparations refers to the payments and transfers of property and equipment that Germany was forced to make under the Treaty of Versailles ( 1919 ) following its defeat during World War I. Article 231 of the Treaty ( the so-called ` war guilt ' clause ) declared Germany and its allies responsible for all ` loss and damage ' suffered by the Allies during the war and provided the basis for reparations .
North America and Europe were still rather close , and especially since Greenland probably was covered with lush woodland and grassland then , only narrow straits of a few 100 km at most would have blocked entirely landbound dispersal of the Gastornis ancestors .
Beebe is a city in White County , Arkansas , United States .
Biologist Stephen Jay Gould said the ichthyosaur was his favorite example of convergent evolution , where similarities of structure are analogous not homologous , for this group :
Punting refers to boating in a punt .
Anya Colloff and Amy McIntyre Britt , who previously worked with Joss Whedon on Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel , Firefly , and Serenity , were the show 's casting directors .
Laura slowly developed tropical characteristics throughout the day as it moved over warmer waters .
It occurs in the fictional city of Metropolis .
A blessing can also be a request for permission , as in '' gaining your parents ' blessing '' would consist of having been granted consent .
The seven living species of sea turtles are : flatback , green sea turtle , Hawksbill , Kemp 's Ridley , Leatherback , Loggerhead and Olive Ridley .
In baseball , batting is the act of facing the opposing pitcher and trying to produce offense for one 's team .
On the subsequent tour Fabienne Gondamin was replaced by Henriette Bordvik , with whom the band recorded the album '' An Elixir For Existence '' and the EP '' Sirenian Shores '' .
In 1995 , Time magazine selected him as the Person of the Year for his role in leading the Republican Revolution in the House , ending 40 years of the Democratic Party being in the majority .
March -- Louis XIV of France passes the '' Code Noir '' , allowing the full use of slaves in the French colonies .
'' I Kissed a Girl '' has generally polarized music critics .
In 2007 , the team had reasonable success .
In the next case , the quantity is the radicand , and thus has a vinculum over it :
In February 1907 , while still a student , he was employed by the Department of Zoology at the British Museum ( Natural History ) , where he spent most of his working life as Assistant Keeper of Mammals .
; Ben Shepherd Active : 1990 - 1997 , 2010 - present Instruments : bass Release contributions : all Soundgarden releases from Badmotorfinger ( 1991 ) to Telephantasm ( 2010 ) Ben Shepherd first auditioned for the role of bassist in Soundgarden in 1989 , immediately after Hiro Yamamoto left , but was turned down because he could not play the songs well enough .
Munich Although Walter became an Austrian citizen in 1911 , he left Vienna to become the Royal Bavarian Music Director in Munich in 1913 .
To commemorate his death , Josquin des Prez composed the motet La déploration de la mort de Johannes Ockeghem , a setting of the poem Nymphes des bois by Jean Molinet .
The weave pattern determines which harness controls which warp yarns , and the number of harnesses used depends on the complexity of the weave .
Set once again on Christmas Eve , McClane is waiting for his wife to land at Washington Dulles International Airport when terrorists take over the air traffic control system .
During World War II , Rio Grande do Norte was used as an Allied airbase from which to launch air raids on German-occupied North Africa .
, each time raising one hand in a fist and swinging it down on the count .
Keystone Sports & Entertainment , LLC
In the 1924 -- 25 season , he joined the Duluth Hornets , playing 40 games , recording a shutout in 11 of them .
Wikipedia ( ) is a multilingual , web-based , free-content encyclopedia project based on an model .
Ten teams played 44 games each .
River Hull Railway Bridge Grade II Listed 1994 Built by the Hull and Barnsley Railway in 1885 , still used by freight trains .
The Steropodontidae was a family of monotremes that are known from fossils from the Early Cretaceous in Australia .
Ezekiel Hart ( ) ( May 15 , 1767 -- September 16 , 1843 ) was a Jewish Canadian entrepreneur and politician , and the first Jew to be elected to public office in the British Empire .
New York , A.S. Barnes , 1930 among other Native American dances , describes the '' Rain Dance of Zuni . ''
After the death of emperor Theodosius I , the Empire is re-divided into an eastern and a western half .
The Premier League currently consists of eight teams , and relegates to the Armenian First League .
It consists of the former municipalities of Pecq , Warcoing , Hérinnes , Esquelmes and Obigies .
Spider plants have long narrow leaves that are 20 - 40 cm ( 8 - 15 in ) long and 5 - 20 mm ( 0.2 - 0.8 in ) broad , growing from a central rosette .
Frederick II commissioned the original building on the site and construction work began in July 1741 with what was designed to be the first part of a '' Forum Fredericianum '' .
The Canadian Football League or CFL ( LCF in French ) is a professional sports league located in Canada .
Baptism has been called a sacrament and an ordinance of Jesus Christ .
Names are currently assigned in sequence from list A , whilst list B details names that will replace names on list A that are retired .
Metropolis is a 1927 German expressionist film in the science-fiction genre directed by Fritz Lang .
A first language ( also native language , arterial language , L1 , or mother tongue ) is the language a person has learned from birthBloomfield , Leonard .
Empedocles ' death was mythologized by ancient writers , and has been the subject of a number of literary treatments .
Uracil is a common and naturally occurring pyrimidine derivative .
'' rock engravings '' , H. G. Wells , Outl .
Mary Hopkin ( born 3 May 1950 ) , credited on some recordings as Mary Visconti , is a Welsh folk singer .
and he has achieved a peak Elo rating of 2755 .
Ad hoc judges Article 31 of the statute sets out a procedure whereby ad hoc judges sit on contentious cases before the Court .
The capital of Chalkidiki is the main town of Polygyros , located in the center of the peninsula .
Although the Army 's initial July 1941 guidelines for OCS had been drafted as race-neutral , practically speaking few black applicants were admitted into OCS until after subsequent directives by Army leadership . As a result , the applications of Robinson and his colleagues were delayed for several months .
Unlike Mandatory territories , which were entrusted to member countries , The Free City of Danzig ( like the Territory of the Saar Basin ) remained under the authority of the League of Nations itself , with representatives of various countries taking on the role of High Commissioner :
In February 2005 , an optional writing test was added to the ACT , mirroring changes to the SAT that took place later in March of the same year .
The company was founded for the sole purpose of building engines to the Sauber formula one team .
Although the web color '' violet '' may be called light violet it is technically actually a light magenta , since the red and blue values of the color are equal ( which signifies for computer display that this color is a shade of magenta ) , and therefore another name for this color is lavender magenta , analogous to the colors lavender gray , lavender indigo , lavender blue , lavender rose , and lavender pink .
Northern Europe is the northern part or region of Europe .
See lead .
Women on the council Women , who gained suffrage on the federal level in 1971 , remain poorly represented on the Council .
The 2005 Kashmir Earthquake ( also known as the South Asian earthquake or the Great Pakistan earthquake ) was a major earthquake centered in Azad Kashmir and in North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) near the city of Muzaffarabad , Pakistan .
The world 's most talented children , including the novel 's protagonist Ender Wiggin , are taken at a very young age to a training center known as the Battle School .
The musket replaced the arquebus , and was in turn replaced by the rifle .
Oxides result when elements are oxidized by oxygen in air .
V . He that is found Guilty of Gaming , or Defrauding one another to the value of a Royal of Plate , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit .
The city is located on the northern coast of Upolu , Samoas second-largest island .
Cornell University was founded on April 27 , 1865 as the result of a New York State ( NYS ) Senate bill that named the university as the state 's land grant institution . Senator Ezra Cornell offered his farm in Ithaca , New York as a site and $ 500,000 of his personal fortune as an initial endowment .
Agny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Depending on the shift of the calendar , the winter solstice usually occurs on Dec. 21 or 22 each year in the Northern Hemisphere , and June 20 or 21 in the Southern Hemisphere .
Sint-Laureins is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
However , there is an ongoing debate over whether H. floresiensis is indeed a separate species .
The ratio of the output to the input force is called the mechanical advantage .
For example , handheld computers share some elements with embedded systems such as the operating systems and microprocessors which power them , but they allow different applications to be loaded and peripherals to be connected .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
According to the annual university rankings conducted by El Mundo , the Complutense University ranks as the top public university in Spain , [ ] with its Schools of Philosophy , Spanish Literature , History , Pharmacy , Optometry , Journalism , Psychology , and Sociology holding the top national rankings .
August 4 & ndash ; Gian Galeazzo Visconti succeeds his father , Galeazzo II Visconti , as ruler of Milan .
Ernest Miller Hemingway ( July 21 , 1899 -- July 2 , 1961 ) was an American writer and journalist .
On Formula 1 's return to Japan in 1987 , the Grand Prix found a new venue at Suzuka Circuit , 80 k south west of Nagoya .
Hadlock Field is often visited by vacationing celebrities , such as former NFL coach Bill Parcells , former U.S. President George H. W. Bush , and his wife Barbara .
Among English-speakers , he is generally remembered for his invasion of England in 1066 .
The denomination grew out of the Millerite movement in the United States during the middle part of the 19th century and was formally established in 1863 .
Surfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second studio album by rock quintet My Chemical Romance .
It contains 100-400 billion stars and an estimated 50 billion planets , 500 million of which could be located in the habitable zone of their parent star . The Milky Way is part of the Local Group of galaxies and is one of around 200 billion galaxies in the observable universe .
The storm turned to the northeast , and after attempting to transition into a tropical cyclone , it dissipated as it was absorbed into a larger extratropical storm .
George Bancroft ( October 3 , 1800 -- January 17 , 1891 ) was an American historian and statesman who was prominent in promoting secondary education both in his home state and at the national level .
Two days after he was sworn in as Prime Minister , the Wall Street Crash of 1929 occurred , marking the beginning of the Great Depression and subsequent Great Depression in Australia .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The silkworm is the larva or caterpillar of the domesticated silkmoth , Bombyx mori ( Latin : '' silkworm of the mulberry tree '' ) .
The arena substructure was partly excavated in 1810 1814 and 1874 and was fully exposed under Benito Mussolini in the 1930s .
Schinz was also curator of the natural history society of Zurich , and was the author of many important zoological works between 1824 and 1852 .
It eventually went on to sell more than three million copies in the U.S. and more than seven million copies worldwide .
Livet-en-Saosnois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Catherine of Portugal may also refer to Catherine of Braganza The Infanta Catarina ( 1436 1463 ; ( ; ) was a Portuguese infanta ( princess ) , daughter of King Edward of Portugal and his wife Leonor of Aragon .
The most prominent examples are the four color theorem and the Kepler conjecture .
Taku Harada ( born 27 October 1982 in Kumamoto , Kumamoto , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer .
Its southern portion known as Salento , a peninsula , forms a high heel on the '' boot '' of Italy .
On 29 April 2001 ( the date of the last census ) there were 5,089 people living in Ballycastle .
Bernhard '' Barney '' Dreyfuss ( February 23 , 1865 - February 5 , 1932 ) was an executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
In our solar system , Mars , Venus , and the moon Titan also exhibit greenhouse effects .
In January 2008 , Hamilton signed a new five-year multi-million pound contract to stay with McLaren-Mercedes until the end of the 2012 season .
When Neoptolemus died , Andromache married Helenus and became Queen of Epirus .
After the defeat , Zheng returned to Taiwan where he indulged in wine and women , dying soon after of illness .
Jesse is impressed by her parents ' happiness , and smiles as he watches their family .
Robinson Jr. eventually completed the treatment program at Daytop Village in Seymour , Connecticut , and became a counselor at the institution .
It dissolves in water to give deep purple solutions , evaporation of which gives prismatic purplish-black glistening crystals .
Thomas Heatherwick ( born 17 February 1970 ) is an English designer and artist known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
These recordings did not see widespread release though until 1996 when the album was reissued by the Broken Rekids label as Kings & Queens .
In a review of West Germany 's economy from 1945 to 1951 , German analyst Werner Abelshauser concluded that '' foreign aid was not crucial in starting the recovery or in keeping it going '' .
The main event , billed as the '' WWE Championship Challenge , '' saw John Cena defending the WWE Championship against King Booker , Bobby Lashley , Mick Foley and Randy Orton .
May 31 & ndash ; Lady Margaret Beaufort , mother of Henry VII of England ( d. 1509 )
Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years , Owens held significant water until 1924 , until much of the Owens River was diverted into the Los Angeles Aqueduct , causing it to desiccate .
The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society ( FHI ) is a science research institute located at the heart of the academic district of Dahlem , in Berlin , Germany .
She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills , after years of suffering from what had claimed to be a very rare and painful photo allergy induced by an earlier penicillin treatment that had forced her to avoid practically all sunlight for years .
A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Lombok and the Gili Islands of Indonesia .
( ) are forested highlands that form the northeastern foothills of the Northern Limestone Alps in the states of Lower Austria and Vienna .
The unnamed hurricane of 1991 was the last tropical cyclone of the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season , and its fourth hurricane .
The warmer climate changed the Arctic environment to one of pine , birch , and alder forest ; this less open landscape was less conducive to the large herds of reindeer and wild horse that had previously sustained humans .
About 99 % of modern ships use diesel reciprocating engines .
Misuse , problem use , abuse , and heavy use refers to improper use of alcohol which may cause physical , social , or moral harm to the drinker .
In rondo form , a principal theme ( sometimes called the '' refrain '' ) alternates with one or more contrasting themes , generally called '' episodes , '' but also occasionally referred to as '' digressions , '' or '' couplets '' .
Avoid inserting the words before the digits ( , not ) , unless the meaning would otherwise be unclear .
A physical law or scientific law is a scientific generalization based on empirical observations of physical behavior ( i.e. the law of nature ) .
After Nationals , Meissner went to the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships , a competition for senior-level skaters who are not from Europe , for the first time in her career .
Rivers is living a fairly typical life for a nine year old boy when his father returns after a six year absence .
Croissants are made of a leavened variant of puff pastry .
Throughout the draft , Romo was assured by Sean Payton of the Cowboys ' interest ( Romo was also intensely pursued by Denver head coach Mike Shanahan ) , and shortly afterwards was signed as an undrafted rookie free agent by the Cowboys .
The units were built at BR 's Derby Works from 1954 to 1955 .
Placy is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
In practice , some sociologists combine different research methods and approaches , since different methods produce different types of findings that correspond to different aspects of societies .
He would again respond when promoting his movie in front of the Kazakh Embassy in Washington , roundly denouncing the advertisements as '' Uzbek propaganda '' .
Shock ( circulatory ) , a circulatory medical emergency
Aeschylus ' abiding popularity is perhaps most evident in the praise the comic playwright Aristophanes gives him in The Frogs , produced some half-century after Aeschylus ' death .
Simon Phillip Cowell ( born 7 October 1959 ) is a British music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .
Block wrote her first book , Weetzie Bat , while a student at UC Berkeley ; it was published in 1989 by Harper Collins .
They died out across much of Pangea at the end of the Carnian ( Late Triassic ) , although they continued for some time longer in the wet equatorial band and the south .
Providence serves as Rhode Island 's capital , housing the Rhode Island General Assembly as well as the offices of the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor in the Rhode Island State House .
She became a film star after a lead role in the horror film I Know What You Did Last Summer ( 1997 ) , which enjoyed great box-office success ( 125,000,000 U.S. dollars worldwide ) .
On the centenary of the first flying of the flag , 3 September 2001 , the Australian National Flag Association presented the Prime Minister with a flag intended to replace the missing original flag . This flag was not a replica of the original flag , on which the Commonwealth Star had only six points , but was a current Australian National Flag with a seven pointed Commonwealth Star .
There are two primary families of guitars : acoustic and electric .
The NWS supports the aviation community through the production of several specific forecast products .
The BIPM was not even aware that '' degree Celsius '' was in sporadic , non-scientific use before that time .
Calloway 's band featured performers including trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie and Adolphus '' Doc '' Cheatham , saxophonists Ben Webster and Leon '' Chu '' Berry , New Orleans guitar ace Danny Barker , and bassist Milt Hinton .
During his life he was considered a notable interpreter of Franz Schubert 's Lieder , usually with Britten as accompanist . He also gave notable performances as the Evangelist in Bach 's Passions .
Eventually , after tumultuous applause from the pit , the curtain reopened and Siddons was discovered sitting in her own clothes and character - whereupon she made an emotional farewell speech to the audience lasting eight minutes .
GameSpot gave the game the most negative score , 7.5 \/O/ 10 , stating that '' It 's a much better version of Tetris than other recent incarnations , but it 's still saddled with some unfortunate compromises . ''
The Hawaiian Islands ( ) are an archipelago of eight major islands , several atolls , numerous smaller islets , and undersea seamounts in the North Pacific Ocean , extending some 1,500 miles ( 2,400 km ) from the island of Hawaii in the south to northernmost Kure Atoll ( the northwesternmost island in Hawaii is Green Island , which is joined to the Kure Atoll ) .
Fenrir ( ) or Saturn XLI ( provisional designation S/2004 S 16 ) is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Christian Zeeman , the Danish father of the mathematician Sir Christopher Zeeman , has also been claimed to be the model for the hero of the story .
Xanten ( ) is a historic town in the North Rhine-Westphalia state of Germany , located in the district of Wesel .
You may use external websites or publications as a source of information , but not as a source of article content such as sentences or images .
Geography Altenburger Land is the easternmost district of Thuringia .
For three seasons , David Carradine starred as a half-Chinese , half-Caucasian Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine , on the ABC hit TV series Kung Fu ( 1972 - 1975 ) and was nominated for an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award for the role .
Season in progress . Season in progress .
They are the largest flying land birds in the Western Hemisphere .
Saint-Palais is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
However , villagers who make wine for their own use sometimes still tread the grapes with their bare feet , until the juice is squeezed out .
The chemical inertness of tantalum makes it a valuable substance for laboratory equipment and a substitute for platinum , but its main use today is in tantalum capacitors in electronic equipment .
By around 1,600 BC the southwest of Britain was experiencing a trade boom as British tin was exported across Europe , evidence of ports being found in southern Devon at Bantham and Mount Batten .
Princes Bridge Station was originally separated from Flinders Street , even though it was only on the opposite side of Swanston Street .
Lewes is named after the town of Lewes in England , which also is situated in a county named Sussex ( from which Sussex County , Delaware , takes its name ) .
See Mount Olivet Cemetery for other cemeteries with this name .
Founded in 1895 , they became known after his death as the '' Henry Wood Promenade Concerts '' and are now the '' BBC Proms '' .
A commonly held belief , even among nutritionists , is that complex carbohydrates ( polysaccharides , e.g. starches ) are digested more slowly than simple carbohydrates ( sugars ) and thus are healthier .
By this time he was increasingly sick with cancer .
Lake Garda ( Italian : Lago di Garda or Benaco ) is the largest lake in Italy .
Germany returned after having been deliberately not invited in 1920 and 1924 .
Biography Takamoto 's father emigrated from Hiroshima to the United States for his health .
Animals depicted in the main gallery include barramundi , catfish , mullet , goanna , snake-necked turtle , pig-nosed turtle , Rock-haunting Ringtail Possum , and wallaby and thylacine ( Tasmanian Tiger ) .
Electric potential energy , or electrostatic potential energy , is a potential energy associated with the conservative Coulomb forces within a defined system of point charges .
'' Russell , Bertrand .
In the 1970s , Martin performed his offbeat , absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours .
A mechanical bull , also known as a Rodeo Bull or Bucking Bronco is a machine that replicates the sensation of riding a bucking animal such as a rodeo bull or horse .
Law and government Avery County is a member of the regional High Country Council of Governments .
Common Bottlenose Dolphin , Tursiops truncatus
Hamilton Hume ( 19 June 1797 & ndash ; 19 April 1873 ) Stuart H. Hume , ` Hume , Hamilton ( 1797 - 1873 ) ' , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 1 , MUP , 1966 , pp 564-565 was the first Australian born explorer .
Since it lies in the middle of the canton , part of the cantonal administration is located in the town , as is the Thurgau cantonal bank .
It is the home ground of the Swiss football team BSC Young Boys , and is currently the second biggest all-seater football stadium in Switzerland .
Nicole Richie ( born September 21 , 1981 ) is an American actress , author , socialite , celebutante , singer , and television personality .
In 1659 , Louis XIV and the Philip IV of Spain signed the Treaty of the Pyrenees , sealed with the marriage of the Infanta Marie Therese to the French King .
Wislikofen is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
There are some 9 major Hasidic groups , approximately 30 smaller Hasidic groups , and several hundred minor or extinct Hasidic groups .
When cataplexy happens often , or cataplexy attacks make patients fall or drop things , it can have serious effects on normal activities .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 24 , 1991 .
They have also recorded music videos for two songs : '' Big Fat Road Manager '' and '' Carrot Juice Is Murder '' , which can be seen on the Three Worms and an Orchestra DVD .
In its review of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season , the Canadian Hurricane Centre considered this to be an extratropical cyclone .
It was founded as a university in 1870 , but its roots can be traced back to a seminary founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1832 which eventually became Genesee College .
Tardinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The method compares words in a text to a set list of everyday words .
Regarded as the founding father of the Qing Dynasty , he is given the customary temple name of Taizu , which is traditionally assigned to founders of dynasties .
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
This will be the first time that the Russian Federation will host the Winter Olympics ; the Soviet Union hosted the 1980 Summer Games in Moscow .
War service provided him with a wealth of material for subsequent use , providing a framework for three volumes of A Dance to the Music of Time devoted to the war years : The Valley of Bones , The Soldier 's Art , and The Military Philosophers .
The town of Oelwein is named after the Oelwein family , but they were not the original settlers of the land .
Mullah Mohammed Omar ( ; born c. 1959 ) , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Its name comes from the town of Taranto , where it originated .
Tunisian Arabic is closely related to the Maltese language .
He obtained his deacon 's orders in 1746 , being fully ordained in 1749 , and subsequently held several curacies in Hampshire and Wiltshire , including Selborne 's neighbouring parishes of Newton Valence and Farringdon , as well as Selborne itself on four separate occasions .
The political system is laid out in the 1949 constitution , the Grundgesetz ( Basic Law ) , which remained in effect with minor amendments after 1990 's German reunification .
Ademir Santos ( born 28 March 1968 ) is a retired Brazilian-Japanese footballer .
Eventually , Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by Hera 's Blue Monks .
During his National Hockey League career with the Detroit Red Wings , Chicago Black Hawks , and St. Louis Blues , Hall seldom missed a game and was a consistent performer , winning the Vezina Trophy three times , and the Calder Memorial Trophy .
The Dark Side of the Moons lyrical themes include conflict , greed , the passage of time , death , and mental illness ( or '' insanity '' ) , the latter inspired in part by Barrett 's deteriorating mental state ; he had been the band 's principal composer and lyricist .
The game is played between two teams of up to sixteen players , eleven of whom are permitted to be on the pitch at any one time .
Another term for the pan flute is syrinx , from Greek mythology , the story of Pan .
Songs from the Superunknown is an EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden .
Animals were also mummified , sometimes thought to have been pets of Egyptian families , but more frequently or more likely , they were the representations of deities .
The Hohenbaden castle is built in Baden-Baden , Germany .
Alfons Schuhbeck born on May 2 , 1949 in Traunstein , Upper Bavaria , Germany is one of Germany 's top chefs , as well as being a restaurateur , celebrity chef , author and businessman .
He taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1977-1984 and from 1985-2000 at Harvard University , where he was the Louis Berkman Professor of Economics .
Osteichthyes are an extremely diverse and abundant group consisting of over 29,000 species , making them the largest class of vertebrates in existence today .
Due to its slow motion from October 29 to November 3 , Hurricane Mitch dropped historic amounts of rainfall in Honduras , Guatemala , and Nicaragua , with unofficial reports of up to 75 inches ( 1900 mm ) .
Conducted by Riccardo Muti , the opera house re-opened on 7 December 2004 with a production of Salieri 's Europa riconosciuta , the opera which was performed at La Scala 's inauguration in 1778 .
Quetzalcoatl was one of several important gods in the Aztec pantheon along with the gods Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .
The lake 's total surface area is about 1,912 km , with a drainage basin a little over double that , about 4,503 km .
Death Vlad Dracula was killed in battle against the Turks near the capital city of Bucharest in 1476 , November 5th .
One seat from Met Stadium was placed in the Mall of America at the exact location ( including elevation ) it occupied in the stadium , to commemorate a 520 f home run hit by hall-of-famer Harmon Killebrew on June 3 , 1967 .
Pin Architecture -- the set of functions that a microprocessor is expected to provide , from the point of view of a hardware platform .
After Jinnah 's death the Governor-General of Pakistan continued to serve a larger role than the India Act prescribed , dismissing multiple Prime Ministers and consolidating power ( Ghulam Muhammad to be precise ) .
The new Kandahar location opened on June 29 , 2006 , in a trailer on the military base .
Narwhals have rarely been observed using their tusk for fighting or other aggressive behavior or for breaking sea ice in their Arctic habitat .
Lodging ( or a holiday accommodation ) is a type of residential accommodation .
January 4 & ndash ; Amadeus VI of Savoy ( d. 1383 )
Littlest Pet Shop is a video game of the Littlest Pet Shop franchise for the PC , Wii , and Nintendo DS .
DragonForce are an English power metal band from London .
Most of Darwin 's population was evacuated to Adelaide , Whyalla , Alice Springs and Sydney , and many never returned to the city .
It is the oldest continuously used on-campus site for college football in the southern United States , and the oldest in the FBS .
In biology , a Biological system ( or Organ system ) is a group of organs that work together to perform a certain task .
He was the husband of Joan I of Navarre , by virtue of which he was King of Navarre ( as Philip I ) and Count of Champagne from 1284 to 1305 .
Pyatt is a town in Marion County , Arkansas , United States .
It is a crystalline ionic solid with a very bright , red-orange color .
is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo for the Wii . It was first announced at E3 2009 and is the sequel to Super Mario Galaxy .
Norio Suzuki ( born February 14 , 1984 in Chiba , Chiba prefecture , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who cuurrently plays for Angers SCO .
When completed , the tower will be located on the east side of
The solar wind consists of particles , ionized atoms from the solar corona , and fields , in particular magnetic fields .
Meanwhile , the new government was caught between an economy that was suffering from a decade of mismanagement and corruption by the Rhee presidency and the students who had led to Rhee 's ouster .
Classified advertising differs from standard advertising or business models in that it allows private individuals ( not simply companies or corporate entities ) to solicit sales for products and services .
Another approach is to tag the ciphertext with markers at regular points in the output .
The rest are fixed structures adapted to the relief of the terrain .
Wilhelm Hauff was born in Stuttgart , the son of August Friedrich Hauff , a secretary in the ministry of foreign affairs , and Hedwig Wilhelmine Elsaesser Hauff .
He first married Nola Nicholas , daughter of an Australian industrialist , and sister of Hephzibah Menuhin 's first husband Lindsay Nicholas .
Neo-liberalism first took hold in Chile under Augusto Pinochet ( from 1973 ) and spread , first to Great Britain under Margaret Thatcher ( from 1979 ) and the United States under Ronald Reagan ( from 1981 ) .
The council area was created in 1996 , under the Local Government etc. ( Scotland ) Act 1994 , with the boundaries of the West Lothian district of the Lothian region .
The river and its tributaries flow through the Congo rainforest , the second largest rain forest area in the world , second only to the Amazon Rainforest in South America .
Maksim Aleksandrovich Shatskikh ( born August 30 , 1978 ) , is an Uzbek professional footballer who plays for Arsenal Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
In 1985 , Harold Kroto ( then of the University of Sussex ) , James R. Heath , Sean O'Brien , Robert Curl and Richard Smalley , from Rice University , discovered C60 , and shortly thereafter came to discover the fullerenes .
Their first full-length album , The Good , The Bad & The Argyle was released in 1994 on Chunksaah Records , their own label .
Mount Rushmore National Memorial is a sculpture carved into the granite face of Mount Rushmore near Keystone , South Dakota , in the United States .
As the Mouse King advances on the still-wounded Nutcracker , Clara throws her slipper at him , distracting him long enough for the Nutcracker to stab him .
Beaumais is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Leaving the SPD/Formation of the Left Party On May 24 , 2005 Lafontaine left the SPD .
The wild rock pigeon has an innate homing ability , meaning that it will generally return to its own nest and its own mate .
Querfurt a town in Saalekreis district ( Kreis ) in the south of Saxony-Anhalt , Germany , situated in a fertile area on the Querne , 18 m west from Merseburg , on a branch line from Oberroblingen .
Cinnamon ( Cinnamomum verum , synonym C. zeylanicum ) is a small evergreen tree belonging to the family Lauraceae , native to Sri Lanka , or the spice obtained from the tree 's bark .
While engaged in a war with the Mongols , the Song Chinese official Li Zengbo writes in his Kozhai Zagao , Xugaohou that the city of Qingzhou is manufacturing one to two thousand strong iron-cased gunpowder bomb shells a month , dispatching to Xiangyang and Yingzhou about ten to twenty thousand such bombs at a time .
The Apache HTTP Server , commonly referred to as Apache , is web server software notable for playing a key role in the initial growth of the World Wide Web .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
ISBN 0140206590 .
Preonzo is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
He is considered by some historians to have had a crucial influence on the transition of New South Wales from a penal colony to a free settlement and therefore to have played a major role in the shaping of Australian society in the early nineteenth century .
A child seat was made optional to allow two children to be carried in the baggage area .
This is because the pronunciation of the combination of Greek letters has changed from ancient to modern times from one of to either or , depending on what follows ( see Greek orthography ) .
Sextus , meanwhile , is at the Capitol wrestling with his conscience as he and his accomplices go about to burn it down .
The U.S. government 's National Weather Service defines a gale as 34 - 47 knots ( , or ) of sustained surface winds .
African elephants are the species of elephants in the genus Loxodonta ( Greek for ` oblique-sided tooth ' ) , one of the two existing genera in Elephantidae .
He carries an umbrella or parasol ( chatra ) as a symbol of his sovereignty .
Link all dates , even if repeated , to allow date-format preferences .
The first General Assembly of the State of Colorado approved the adoption of the state seal on March 15 , 1877 .
Although research on the G-spot has taken place since the 1940s , arguments over its existence as a distinct structure , definition and location continue .
This movie would be nominated for a Grammy Award in 1993 , the year during which Mike Bishop would also leave the band , after the recording of This Toilet Earth , being replaced by Casey Orr , from the band Rigor Mortis .
An agreement with the Swiss government signed on March 19 , 1993 , affirmed the already long-standing policy of full independence of the Committee from any possible interference by Switzerland .
Grameen claims that more than half of its borrowers in Bangladesh ( close to 50 million ) have risen out of acute poverty thanks to their loan , as measured by such standards as having all children of school age in school , all household members eating three meals a day , a sanitary toilet , a rainproof house , clean drinking water and the ability to repay a 300 taka-a-week ( around 4 USD ) loan .
Dominic is the patron saint of astronomers .
Situated only 54 kilometers south of Manila , about an hour by chartered bus , Calamba City is a popular tourist destination with its hot spring resorts , most of which are located in Barangay Pansol and Barangay Bucal .
The wave entered the Bahamas on July 21 and organized into Tropical Depression Six while 70 miles ( 110 km ) east of Eleuthera .
A London birth certainly seems supported by a baptismal record , dated May 25 , 1617 , for a '' Mighell Wryghtt '' , son of James Wright , described as a tailor and a citizen of London , in St Bride 's Church , Fleet Street , London .
Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare ( or Call of Duty : Modern Warfare ) is a first-person shooter video game , developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision for PC , Macintosh , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Wii .
The pressure measurement made Katrina the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record at the time , only to be surpassed by Hurricanes Rita and Wilma later in the season ; it was also the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Gulf of Mexico at the time ( a record also later broken by Rita ) .
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria ( ) commonly known as Las Palmas ( ) is the capital ( jointly with Santa Cruz ) and the most populous city in the Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands and the ninth largest city in Spain , with a population of 381,847 in 2009 .
Along with Sturt in 1828 , he was part of an expedition of the first Europeans to discover the Darling River .
A banknote ( often known as a bill , paper money or simply a note ) is a kind of negotiable instrument , a promissory note made by a bank payable to the bearer on demand , used as money , and in many jurisdictions is legal tender .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
There are ' spoken articles in English .
There were other Homo species , all of which are now extinct .
Meetings were set up and the Speedway was purchased on November 14 , 1945 .
The 1991 Oakland Hills firestorm which destroyed almost 3,000 homes and killed 25 people was partly fueled by large numbers of eucalypts close to the houses .
Taiji Furuta is a Japanese footballer who has recently played for Tokushima Vortis .
In a similar vein , Alistair M. Duckworth in The Improvement of the Estate : A Study of Jane Austen 's Novels ( 1971 ) argues that Austen used the concept of the '' estate '' to symbolise all that was important about contemporary English society , which should be conserved , improved , and passed down to future generations .
In addition to voicing the Ent Treebeard in Lord of the Rings , Rhys-Davies has also lent his distinctive deep , Welsh voice to many video games and animated television series , including playing the role of Hades in Justice League and numerous times in Gargoyles ( 1994 -- 1996 ) , as the character Macbeth .
Analysis of the mitochondrial DNA of modern European populations shows that over 80 % are descended in the female line from European hunter-gatherers .
From planting , crops can be subjected to pest infestations and severe weather ,
Bad Godesberg is a municipal district of Bonn , southern North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Cook retired from Parliament in 1921 , and was appointed Australian High Commissioner in London .
image_map = Tulcea_in_Romania .
A.P. Adventures listed : 24 Britons , 17 Dutch , 14 Americans , 12 Canadians and 10 Australians , 4 Swedes , 4 Irish , 3 Danes , 2 Argentines , 2 Belgians , 2 Chinese ( Hong Kong ) , and single passengers from China , France , Germany , Japan , Colombia , Sweden .
The Proto-Indo-European language ( PIE ) is the reconstructed common ancestor of the Indo-European languages , spoken by the Proto-Indo-Europeans .
With the decline of the three ancient dynasties during the 14th century , the Tamil country became part of the Vijayanagara Empire .
According to the American Psychological Association , the symptoms of a panic attack commonly last approximately thirty minutes .
Lambres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Thiruvananthapuram ( Trivandrum ) is the state capital and most populous city .
Esposito remains one of four players to win the Art Ross Trophy four consecutive seasons ( the other three are Jaromir Jagr , Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe ) .
It is difficult to find the answer because of several things , such as Malta 's invasions , with long parts in time where the population got smaller , before other people from the Mediterranean moved to Malta and married the Maltese .
The northwestern portion of Lower Saxony is a part of Frisia ; it is called Ostfriesland ( East Frisia ) and lies on the coast of the North Sea .
The colon is also used as a division sign : '' a divided by b '' is written as a : b/O. However , a vertical line ( '' a | b '' ) is more common .
Both Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson and Peter Pan by James Matthew Barrie are rooted in part on accounts of the island and its native and pirate inhabitants , as well as long dugout canoes ( which were often used by pirates as well as indigenous peoples ) and the American crocodile ( Crocodylus acutus ) on the island .
The game notably lacks a Link character , and instead the player characters are known as the Heroes of Light .
There is one shop , a butchers , a hairdressers and three hotels in the village .
In the north , in the area bordering Tabasco , near Teapa , rainfall can average more than 3000 m per year .
It has some of boundaries , shared with Serbia ( ) to the North , Kosovo ( ) to the northwest , Bulgaria ( ) to the east , Greece ( ) to the south , and Albania ( ) to the west .
On December 23 , 1940 , around 1:25 pm , Eddie was killed in an accident at Floyd Bennett Field at age 29 , while training George Wilson Herzog ( 1903 - 1940 ) .
Rosignano Marittimo borders the following municipalities : Castellina Marittima , Cecina , Collesalvetti , Livorno , Orciano Pisano , Santa Luce .
During 1984 , Minardi took the decision to enter Formula One the following year .
For chemical compounds containing cobalt .
She later gives up her power in order to heal the dying legitimate Twilight Princess , temporarily losing her physical form in the process .
It is best known as the site of Windsor Castle .
Sulz , Lucerne in the canton of Lucerne , Switzerland
Nuclear engineering is the branch of engineering concerned with the application of the breakdown of atomic nuclei and\/or other sub-atomic physics , based on the principles of nuclear physics .
Veurne ( ) is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Certain African languages such as the Khoisan languages use the uvula to produce click consonants as well , though other than that , uvular consonants are fairly uncommon in Sub-Saharan Africa .
British exports of opium to China grew from an estimated 15 tons in 1730 to 75 tons in 1773 .
Crosby Ravensworth is a village , civil parish and fell in the Eden District of Cumbria , England .
Ball and chain is a slang term for a person 's spouse .
A major difference between the manga and other versions of Team Rocket is that several Gym Leaders are antagonists in the manga .
Dildo is a town on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Emperor Shirakawa ascends to the throne of Japan .
Today most people wear western clothes and wear the cooler and more comfortable yukata for special occasions .
Honey to the B is the debut album by pop singer Billie Piper , released in 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) .
Edward Gough Whitlam , AC , QC ( born 11 July 1916 ) , known as Gough Whitlam ( goff ) , is an Australian former politician and 21st Prime Minister of Australia .
San Bernardino is a city located in and the county seat of San Bernardino County , California , United States .
More than ten years after its last race Team Lotus remains one of the most successful racing teams of all time , winning seven Formula One Constructors ' titles , six Drivers ' Championships , and the Indianapolis 500 in the United States , between 1962 and 1978 .
Thus , the basic means of painting are distinct from ideological means , such as geometrical figures , various points of view and organization ( perspective ) , and symbols .
Bessy is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
There are about 13,400 residents as of 2005 and the city has a well-established leather industry , which counts more than 400 factories and laboratories spread over the 16.92 square kilometres of its total area .
Harry Edward Nilsson III ( June 15 , 1941 -- January 15 , 1994 ) , who sometimes went by the stage name Nilsson , was an American songwriter who achieved the peak of his commercial success as a singer in the mid 1970s .
The seven presidents born in Ohio were Ulysses S. Grant , Rutherford B. Hayes , James A. Garfield , Benjamin Harrison ( grandson of William Henry Harrison ) , William McKinley , William Howard Taft and Warren G. Harding .
Parcieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
St. Helens is a village and civil parish located on the eastern side of the Isle of Wight .
In 1992 , Coppola would again re-edit all three Godfather movies ( The Godfather , The Godfather Part II and The Godfather Part III ) in chronological order dubbed The Godfather Trilogy 1901-1980 .
Such glosses help the reader follow the relationship between the source text and its translation and the structure of the original language .
Christian pop group Casting Crowns began as a student worship band in Daytona Beach , FL , in 1999 .
Upon rescuing him , Zuko attacks the group .
Iwan mosques are most notable for their domed chambers and iwans , vaulted spaces opening out at one end .
Thus , Christianity acquired an identity distinct from Rabbinic Judaism , but this distinction was not recognized all at once by the Roman Empire , see Split of early Christianity and Judaism for details .
In the following chronology the city will be referred to as Medina , and the region surrounding it as Yathrib .
At 1130 f , Ashland is Alabama 's highest elevated county seat .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 and given the provisional designation .
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow (/O1980/O)
A text box , text field or text entry box is a common element of graphical user interface ( GUI ) of computer programs , as well as the corresponding type of widget used when programming GUIs . A text box 's purpose is to allow the user to input text information to be used by the program .
Others believe that the name derives from the word '' tzitzern '' , which in Armenian means '' little finger '' - presumably a reference to the relics of St. George that were kept in the church .
Pavant is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In Canada , an inverse representation of the Saltire , combined with the shield from the Royal Arms of the Kingdom of Scotland , forms the modern flag of the Canadian Province of Nova Scotia ( New Scotland ) , the first colonial venture of the Kingdom of Scotland into the Americas .
The Austral Thrush , Turdus falcklandii , is a medium sized thrush from southern South America .
Stephen Gregory '' Steve '' YzermanESPN - Steve Yzerman Stats , News , Photos - Detroit Red Wings ( ; born May 9 , 1965 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and current general manager of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League .
Their championship win was the last for coach Tina Theune-Meyer , who months earlier had announced her retirement effective at the end of the tournament .
The principal advantage of a unicameral system is more efficient lawmaking , as the legislative process is much simpler and there is no possibility of legislative deadlock .
In the Middle Ages , onions were such an important food that people would pay their rent with onions , and even give them as gifts .
It was founded in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton and Jim Charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .
Sean Murphy , '' Judge dismisses libel suit against John Grisham '' , Huffington Post , 18 Sep 2008 Grisham was named due to his publication of the non-fiction book , The Innocent Man .
The jewelry is then re-inserted , and as the piercing adapts to the new diameter of jewelry , the process is repeated with the next application of tape being thicker than the previous one .
At a house show in Paris , France on April 24 , James won her third Women 's Championship during a Triple Threat match that also involved Victoria .
Stereophonic sound # Balance of stereophonic sound
Kinect holds the Guinness World Record of being the '' fastest selling consumer electronics device '' . It sold an average of 133,333 units per day with a total of 8 million units in its first 60 days .
It can go long periods of time without water , as long as it has access to green plants , since it has have the ability to take moisture out of plants .
before WrestleMania , Orton 's father , '' Cowboy '' Bob Orton , begged the Undertaker to have mercy on Orton .
Year 1313 ( MCCCXIII ) was a common year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
On 14 March 1984 in central Belfast , Adams was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt when several Ulster Freedom Fighters ( UFF ) gunmen fired about 20 shots into the car in which he was traveling .
Yvette Cooper - Work and Pensions Secretary in the Brown Cabinet , was also born in Inverness .
The revolt did not succeed , he rebels were betrayed and , as punishment , all of Sardar Sherbaz Khan 's eight sons were blasted by cannon fire in Murree whilst Sardar Khan himself was hanged .
Doulezon is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
In a speech , Wulff also expressed his opposition to euthanasia and warned of a retreat of moral values .
In informal situations , the term begging the question is often used in place of circular argument . In the formal context , however , begging the question holds a different meaning .
It has been shown by the Gibbard-Satterthwaite theorem that any voting method which is completely strategy-free must be either dictatorial or nondeterministic ( that is , might not select the same outcome every time it is applied to the same set of voter preferences ) .
On August 13 , 2007 , Fey made a guest appearance on the children 's television series Sesame Street , in the episode , '' The Bookaneers '' .
Tosh .0 ( pronounced ) is an American television series hosted by comedian Daniel Tosh , who provides sarcastic commentary on online video clips , society , celebrities , and other parts of popular culture .
Henderson 's Boys is a series of young adult spy novels written by English author Robert Muchamore .
The Olympic Games ( - ta Olympia ; - Olympiakoi Agones ) were a series of athletic competitions held for representatives of various city-states of Ancient Greece held in honor of Zeus .
In 1985 , Juventus became the first club in the history of European football to have won all three major UEFA competitions , the European Champion Clubs ' Cup , the ( now-defunct ) UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup and the UEFA Cup ( first Italian and Southern European side to win the competition ) .
Brenner chose this 1 millimeter-long soil roundworm mainly because it is simple , is easy to grow in bulk populations , and turned out to be quite convenient for genetic analysis .
though accepted in the Voegelin & Voegelin classification ( 1977:18 -19 ) .
Cheryl Hines ( born September 21 , 1965 ) is an American actress and television director , best known for her role as Larry David 's wife Cheryl on HBO 's Curb Your Enthusiasm .
In Spain , South America , Cuba , and Puerto Rico , '' tortilla '' refers to an omelette , with variations that can include vegetables such as onions and potatoes .
June 17 & ndash ; Sir Francis Drake , during his circumnavigation of the world , lands in what is now California , which he claims for Queen Elizabeth I. With an English claim here and in Newfoundland , it becomes the basis for English colonial charters which will claim all land from the Atlantic to the Pacific , from '' sea to sea . ''
He was Mayor of West Berlin from 1967 to 1977 , serving as President of the Bundesrat in 1967\/68 .
For Derek Yee 's romantic drama Lost in Time ( 2003 ) , Cheung won the award for Best Actress at the Hong Kong Film Awards .
July 1 & ndash ; Liu Ji , Chinese military strategist , officer , statesman and poet ( d. 1375 )
William Dwight Schultz ( born November 24 , 1947 ) is an American stage , television and film actor .
Aberdour ( Gaelic : Obar Dobhair ) is a scenic and historic village on the south coast of Fife , Scotland .
Cheval-Blanc is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France .
, saying they want to put '' everything out there '' , and Fazer also adding '' It 's going to suprise you ! ''
In this sense one speaks of the diameter rather than a diameter , because all diameters of a circle have the same length , this being twice the radius .
Norbert Eder ( born 7 November 1955 ) is a former German football player .
He was the first person to land a quadruple salchow in competition and the first person to land three quadruple jumps in one program .
The Union 's name is formed from the beginning of each country 's name ; it was possibly created for the Benelux Customs Union , Revue de l'Institut International de Statistique (/O1947/O) Vol .
New Haven is the second-largest municipalityIn U.S. Census population estimates between 2000 and 2009 , New Haven and Hartford 's populations were estimated to have been within 511 of each other .
In the case above the photoreceptors for red light in the retina are fatigued , lessening their ability to send the information to the brain .
The Tracey Ullman Show is a weekly all-American television variety show , hosted by British comedian and onetime pop singer Tracey Ullman .
Replacement Most of the powers of the GLC were devolved to the London boroughs .
Loudest Love is an EP by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden .
Bolognese sauce is sometimes taken to be a tomato sauce , but authentic recipes have only a small amount of tomato concentrate .
On April 7 , 1994 , the Royal Philharmonic under the direction of Sir Gilbert Levine performed at the Vatican in the historic '' Papal Concert to Commemorate the Holocaust '' , with cellist Lynn Harrell and Academy Award-winning actor Richard Dreyfuss as narrator .
The First Sino-Japanese War occurred ( between China and Japan ) during 1894-1895 , primarily over control of Korea .
Huygens landed on Titan on January 14 , 2005 , discovering that many of the moon 's surface features seem to have been formed by flowing fluids at some point in the past .
The purpose was to create a continuousness to the German character of the University of Strasbourg , that had been a German Imperial University from 1872 to 1918 .
John Wilkes Booth ( May 10 , 1838 -- April 26 , 1865 ) was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
Houston County was established on February 9 , 1903 , from parts of Dale County , Geneva County and Henry County .
( The idea came to him during the drive from Hanna-Barbara to Nickelodeon to pitch an idea to Fred Seibert . )
Gilberto Alves , nicknamed Gil ( born December 24 , 1950 in Nova Lima ) , was a footballer from Brazil .
Even in German , a Freiherr is sometimes styled and addressed as '' Baron '' , although this is not the official title .
When an inferior planet is visible after sunset , it is near its greatest eastern elongation .
Ted DiBiase made his first WWE appearance on the May 26 episode of Raw , in which he claimed that he and a mystery partner would take the World Tag Team Championship from Rhodes and Holly . At the Night of Champions pay-per-view event in June , DiBiase revealed his partner was running late and started the match without him , however Rhodes quickly betrayed Holly by attacking him .
The Tokyo Women 's & Children 's Wear Manufacturers ' Association ( ) promoted the western clothes .
Michaels explained that there was '' chemistry '' between Fey and Fallon .
Ajaz Anwar is a distinguished painter of Pakistan .
In claws , this results in an abscission layer , and the old segment breaks off .
They are often lined with a fabric if the garment becomes transparent when wet .
Exeter Cathedral , the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at Exeter , is an Anglican cathedral , and the seat of the Bishop of Exeter , in the city of Exeter , Devon in South West England .
In 1947 , by the Indian Independence Act 1947 , the British abandoned their supremacy , and following the Partition of India Amb 's Nawab decided to give up the independence the state had previously enjoyed by acceding to the new country of Pakistan .
making it the fourth smallest country in the world .
Except for the Shimshal , Misgar and Chipursan valleys , all the villages of Gojal can be seen from the Karakorum Highway ( KKH ) , which crosses Gojal , entering China at the Khunjerab Pass .
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Until late in 2006 , Al Ain and Buraimi enjoyed an open border and functioned as a unit .
Sibiu County has 2 municipalities , 9 towns and 53 communes
It is located south-west of Sydney on the Hume Highway and above sea-level .
Often described as the '' backbone of England '' , .
Razors have been identified from many Bronze Age cultures .
HORSE the Band are currently on a break from touring and recording , their first in over six years .
Stefani 's second solo album The Sweet Escape (/O2006/O) yielded '' Wind It Up '' , '' 4 In The Morning '' and the highest selling single '' The Sweet Escape '' .
To the south are the islands of Montserrat and Guadaloupe , and to the south and west are Nevis , St. Kitts , St. Barts , and St. Martin .
The province 's name means '' Lands across river IJssel '' .
In September 2009 , Polanski was arrested by Swiss police at the request of U.S. authorities who asked for his extradition .
At the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view on June 20 , he lost the championship to Rey Mysterio in a fatal four-way match , also involving CM Punk and The Big Show .
Osly-Courtil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Pro-Mont Blanc ( an international collective of associations for the protection of Mont Blanc ) published in 2002 the book Le versant noir du mont Blanc ( The black hillside of Mont Blanc ) , which exposes current and future problems in conserving the site .
It is also the largest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
Pietro Perugino ( 1446 - 1524 ) , born Pietro Vannucci , was the leading painter of the Umbrian school , who developed some of the qualities that found classic expression in the High Renaissance .
At the 2006 census , Peechelba and the surrounding area had a population of 116 .
Music and sport are the only fields that largely fall outside the station 's remit .
In oviparous species both sperm and egg cells are released into the water and fertilisation and development take place outside the parent 's bodies .
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense of hearing .
The final batch was built in 1988 , although multiple-unit designs based on the Mark 3 bodyshell continued to be built into the early 1990s .
In his first season he scored in half of the games he played , while in his second he notched 25 goals in 19 games .
Isonoe ( , or as in Greek ) , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
Genesis of the Daleks marked a new era for the depiction of the species , with most of their previous history either forgotten or barely referred to again .
He was born in England and lived and worked there until age 37 , when he emigrated to the British American colonies , in time to participate in the American Revolution .
After the Kosovo War and the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia , the territory came under the interim administration of the United Nations Mission in Kosovo ( UNMIK ) , most of whose roles were assumed by the European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo ( EULEX ) in December 2008 .
The band is well known for their inspirational lyrics and their use of unique musical techniques .
A formative member of the Democratic-Republican Party with a political base in NY , Burr served in the New York State Assembly ( 1784 -- 1785 , 1798 1801 ) , as New York State Attorney General ( 1789 -- 1791 ) , United States Senator ( 1791 -- 1797 ) , and for one term as vice president under Jefferson .
With the success of Michael 's solo singles , '' Careless Whisper '' (/O1984/O) and '' A Different Corner '' (/O1986/O) , rumors of an impending termination of Wham !
Gerhard Lenski , Human societies : An introduction to Macrosociology , McGraw-Hill , 1982 , ISBN 0-07-037176-8 For example , this definition would apply to the population of Germany being deemed a society , but German-speaking people as a whole scattered about different countries would not be considered a society .
They are generally classified as a single species , Trichoplax adhaerens , although there is enough genetic diversity that it is likely that there are multiple , morphologically similar species .
Since his death , Kelly has become part of Australian folklore , the language and the subject of a large number of books and several films .
In 1912 Ambrose Bierce proposed '' an improvement in punctuation - the snigger point , or note of cachinnation : it is written thus ___ \/O/ !
Both male and female beavers possess a pair of castor sacs and a pair of anal glands located in two cavities under the skin between the pelvis and the base of the tail .
The unexpected fighting capabilities of the small Confederate force had temporarily created a reprieve for the salt works .
Pascal is best remembered as one of the Hungarian producers of the likes of Alexander Korda who made a mark on American and British cinema .
He and Jon von Tetzchner were part of a research group at the Norwegian state phone company ( now known as Telenor ) where they developed browsing software called MultiTorg Opera .
The child was Penny Seeger , and the mother was composer Ruth Crawford Seeger . Soon after this , Elizabeth again began working as a maid , caring for Ruth Crawford Seeger and Charles Seeger 's children , Mike , Peggy , Barbara , and Penny .
Being the Indian city with the closest air link to the small island-country of Maldives and also Sri Lanka , the city 's medical and health infrastructure caters to the needs of the patients from both countries , especially Maldives .
The Federal Administrative Court ( Bundesverwaltungsgericht ) is one of the five federal supreme courts of Germany .
Benzene , or benzol , is an organic chemical compound the molecular formula C6H6 .
In the diagram at right , the pawn on c4 may move to c5 , while the pawn on e2 may move to either e3 or e4 .
Saul Hudson ( born July 23 , 1965 ) , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British American musician and songwriter .
Twelve years later , in the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle ( 1748 ) , Austria lost the Duchy , and Philip became the new Duke , founding the House of Bourbon-Parma .
The film 's critical and popular success led to three additional films , Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ( 1984 ) , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ( 1989 ) , and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ( 2008 ) , a television series , The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles ( 1992 - 1996 ) , and 15 video games as of 2009 .
Players are represented by small icons known as avatars that are provided by the website , as players can not upload their own .
Recitation of the Shahadah is the most important of the Five Pillars of Islam for Muslims and is performed daily .
Surface The object has a red-sloped reflectance spectrum , suggesting a surface rich in organic material such as tholins .
In Roman Catholic and Eastern and Oriental Orthodox usage , the term '' virgin birth '' means not only that Mary was a virgin when she conceived and gave birth , but remained a virgin throughout her life , a belief attested since the 2nd century .
The Knights of Malta promoted the idea of a continuous Roman Catholic presence , Anthony T. Luttrell , '' Girolamo Manduca and Gian Francesco Abela : Tradition and invention in Maltese Historiography , '' in Melita Historica , 7 ( 1977 ) 2 ( 105-132 ) .
The approximately 200 species in 15 genera are almost exclusively marine , but several species are regularly seen in brackish water and a few , for example the freshwater moray ( Gymnothorax polyuranodon ) can sometimes be found in freshwater .
The forward thrust is proportional to the mass of the airstream multiplied by the velocity of the airstream .
A lymphocyte is a type of white blood cell in the vertebrate immune system .
Malthusianism refers to the political\/economic thought of Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus whose ideas were first developed during the industrial revolution .
Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques .
Action Fraud is the UK 's national fraud reporting service , run by the National Fraud Authority . Action Fraud is the place to go to get information and advice about fraud , as well as to report fraud .
The history of Christianity concerns the Christian religion and the Christian Church , from the ministry of Jesus and his Twelve Apostles and the Great Commission , to contemporary times and denominations .
There are several competing ( but not mutually exclusive ) theories as to the factors that drove populations to take up agriculture .
Homer rows out on the lake and catches his fish , but when he notices an upset Marge is looking at him , he immediately lets it go to prove his love for her .
or is the sixteenth letter in many Semitic abjads , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew and Arabic ( in abjadi order ) .
The sledge eventually stalls as the snow melts ( another sign of the witch 's crumbling power ) , so they have to continue their journey on foot .
LEDs are used as indicator lamps in many devices , and are increasingly used for lighting .
Otto Fritz Meyerhof ( April 12 , 1884 & ndash ; October 6 , 1951 ) was a German-born physician and biochemist .
Sydney Aquarium is a public aquarium located in the city of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Murrurundi is a rural town in Upper Hunter Shire , located in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
In fact , a Portuguese Man O ' War is not a single animal , but rather a siphonophore a colony of four kinds of minute , highly modified individuals , which are specialized polyps and medusoids .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 42 .
He retired from competitive judo on June 17 , 1985 after a remarkable career where he won five gold medals in international competitions and marked 203 consecutive victories ( with 7 draws in-between ) up until his retirement .
The release was limited to 1000 copies , and was available on only 7 '' vinyl .
( ) .
Sakya ( pa ) , Grey Earth , headed by the Sakya Trizin , this tradition was founded by Khon Konchog Gyalpo , a disciple of the great translator Drokmi Lotsawa .
The album And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda was released through EMI records in 1976 and is regarded as one of their finest recordings .
Draughts developed from alquerque .
In older buildings ( e.g. those built prior to 1999 in the UK , before white asbestos was finally banned ) , asbestos may still be present in some areas e.g. old bath panels , concrete water tanks and many other places . Being aware of asbestos locations reduces the risk of disturbing asbestos .
Evelyn Arthur St. John Waugh ( forvo.com : Evelyn Waugh \/O/ ) ( 28 October 1903 -- 10 April 1966 ) was an English writer , best known for such darkly humorous and satirical novels as Decline and Fall , Vile Bodies , Scoop , A Handful of Dust , and The Loved One , as well as for serious works , such as Brideshead Revisited and the Sword of Honour trilogy that clearly manifest his Catholic convictions .
The panel was first established in 1988 by the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) and the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , two organizations of the United Nations -- an action confirmed on 6 December 1988 by the United Nations General Assembly through Resolution 43\/53 .
From the early 20th century onwards , the rind has been more commonly pure white , but it was not until the mid-1970s that pure white became standard .
The Operative offers to let Mal go free if he turns River over , but thanks to Inara 's quick thinking she and Mal escape the Operative .
, ' , ' , ' and Superman Returns .
The Koleos was designed by Renault and developed by Nissan .
aiysh Flat unleavened breads ( flatbread ) known as roti , lavash , sangak , yufka , matzo or matzah , lafa , and tortilla are used in many parts of the world .
Schrock was the first to elucidate the structure and mechanism of so called ` black box ' olefin metathesis catalysts .
The Hiram College Library has provided a welcoming , comfortable , and intellectually stimulating environment for many generations of students , faculty , staff , and community members .
In 1296 Albert II and his nephews Albert III , Eric I , and John II terminated their joint rule and partitioned Saxony into the Lauenburg line , where Albert III , Eric I , and John II continued to rule jointly until 1303 , and the Wittenberg line , where Albert II continued as sole ruler until 1298 .
Banjul is on St Mary 's Island ( Banjul Island ) , where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean .
Nintendo -- historically the best known console manufacturer ; also the longest running company in the market , and long-time dominant market leader of the handheld console market .
There are some diseases transmitted by having sex , called sexually-transmitted diseases ( STDs ) , such as the incurable HIV ( which causes AIDS ) .
Alison Moyet ( born Genevieve Alison Jane Moyet , 18 June 1961 ) , is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice .
Siegfried is a German language male given name , meaning '' victory peace '' .
With the college 's growth in the 19th Century , it is renamed Columbia University in 1896 .
In-bay automatics , which consist of an automatic machine that rolls back and forth over a stationary vehicle - often seen at filling stations and stand-alone wash sites .
Thus Theorem 1 of takes the form , '' Every positive integer , except 1 , is a product of primes , '' and Theorem 2 ( their '' Fundamental '' ) asserts uniqueness .
In 1999 , the line was supplemented by the low-end iBook range .
However , a hominid skull discovered in Chad in 2001 , classified as Sahelanthropus tchadensis , is approximately seven million years old , which may indicate an earlier divergence .
Disinformation may include distribution of forged documents , manuscripts , and photographs , or spreading malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence .
In 1957 , the writer Hans Magnus Enzensberger published his essay Die Sprache des Spiegels ( '' The Language of Der Spiegel '' ) , in which he criticised what he called a '' pretended objectivity '' .
Priscilla Harrel : Cecilia 's childhood friend .
After 20 years with the same line-up difficult times followed in the 1970s : Dubinsky defected to the West and the second violinist , Jaroslav Alexandrov , retired through ill-health .
The town has a population of 35,203 according to the 2001 census and the urban area has a population of over 70,000 .
As of mid-2010 , Republicans fill a minority of seats in both the United States Senate and the House of Representatives , hold a minority of state governorships , and control a minority of state legislatures .
The property is owned by the National Park Service and is part of the President 's Park .
The game is unusual within the action-adventure genre in that there are no towns or dungeons to explore , no characters with which to interact , and no enemies to defeat other than the colossi .
Earlier in his career , he appeared in Copying Beethoven , playing Ludwig van Beethoven 's nephew Karl .
Undergarments commonly worn by women today include brassieres and panties ( also known as knickers ) , while men wear briefs , boxer shorts , or boxer briefs .
Later at its height , gradually added , were the annexed princely states of Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Punjab in India , Haryana , and Himachal Pradesh and portions of Chhatisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , and Maharashtra in present day India , including the provinces of North West Frontier and Punjab in Pakistan , and Burma ( present day Myanmar ) .
The hilly course is also a good feature for road cycling races usually held in the circuit .
For example , a Bayesian network could represent the probabilistic relationships between diseases and symptoms .
Scenes depicting the murder trial are shown alternating with the story of Gwen 's life .
Democrat Barack Obama , then junior United States Senator from Illinois , defeated Republican John McCain .
The main event was for the WWE Championship between champion John Cena and Triple H. Triple H came out to the ring on a throne dressed as a Conan the Barbarian-type king , while Cena came out with a tommy gun and was accompanied by a group of '' gangsters '' ( one of whom was future WWE Superstar CM Punk ) in a 1940s Chicago-era vehicle .
Gregorio Allegri ( 1582 -- 17 February 1652 ) was an Italian composer of the Roman School and brother of Domenico Allegri ; he was also a priest and a singer .
The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species ( also known as the IUCN Red List or Red Data List ) , founded in 1963 , is the world 's most comprehensive inventory of the global conservation status of plant and animal species .
In a communication system , a transmitter encodes a message into a signal , which is carried to a receiver by the communications channel .
In Greek mythology , as recorded in the Iliad by Homer , Patroclus , or Patroklos ( Gr .
, 350,400 people had been evacuated and resettled from the most severely contaminated areas of Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine .
With this method , Moseley determined the number of lanthanoids and showed the gaps in the atomic number sequence at numbers 43 , 61 , 72 , and 75 .
Florida 's physical geography was also damaged by the storm .
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Harry learns that his parents were betrayed to Voldemort by their friend Peter Pettigrew , who framed Harry 's godfather Sirius Black for the crimes , condemning him to Azkaban , the wizard prison .
Ming rule saw the construction of a vast navy and a standing army of one million troops .
Peter Rabbit , his sisters Flopsy , Mopsy , and Cottontail , and his mother are anthropomorphic rabbits who dress in human clothing and generally walk upright on their hind legs , though they live in a rabbit hole under a fir-tree .
Katamari ) , known in Japan as , is a video game published by Namco for the PlayStation 2 .
Most of the people are Awans with the Abbasies in a minority , the Union Council is led by the Nazim Malik Mushtaq Ahmed , most of the people are poor and lead a simple life .
She was voted one of the most popular people in France , and has been compared to Mother Teresa , although she herself regarded the comparison as '' ridiculous '' .
Hobbits first appeared in the J. R. R. Tolkien novel , The Hobbit , in which the main protagonist , Bilbo Baggins , is a hobbit .
Michael John Reiziger ( born May 3 , 1973 in Amstelveen , Noord-Holland ) is a former Dutch footballer , who played mainly as a right defender .
The earliest fossil attributed to Therapsida is believed to be Tetraceratops insignis ( Lower Permian ) , M. Laurin & R.R. Reisz , 1996 , The osteology and relationships ofTetraceratops insignis , the oldest known therapsid , Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 16 (/O1/O) :95 -102 J. Liu , B. Rubidge & J. Li , New basal synapsid supports Laurasian origin for therapsids , 2009 , Acta Palaeontol .
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
One of the most important debates over the sermon is how directly it should be applied to everyday life .
She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work , and was given assignments from the Swedish Academy , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the royal academy Pro Patriaa and Empress Eugenie of France .
Approximately 30 seconds from the end of the song , Noel can be heard ( distortedly ) singing the chorus from '' Octopus 's Garden '' by The Beatles .
The storm dropped moderate rainfall along the Mexican coast , and generated winds that downed trees and caused minor damage .
Modification to Tsim Sha Tsui Station involved upgrading station facilities and concourse layout to facilitate access from the East Tsim Sha Tsui East Rail station via its pedestrian links .
Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Haemophilia B ( factor IX deficiency ) occurs at about 1 in about 20,000 -- 34,000 male births .
Rouen Cathedral is a Roman Catholic Gothic cathedral in Rouen , in northwestern France .
The Indus Valley desert covers an area of 19,500 square kilometers ( 7,500 square miles ) in northwestern Punjab Province , lying between the Chenab and Indus rivers .
Several important cultural achievements were made in the decade , including publication of Roger Bacon 's important scientific work Opus Majus and Thomas Aquinas ' Summa contra Gentiles .
Hamas was created in 1987 by Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi and Mohammad Taha of the Palestinian wing of Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood at the beginning of the First Intifada , an uprising against Israeli rule in the Palestinian Territories .
The name is taken from the vast Palace of Whitehall that used to occupy the area but which was largely destroyed by fire in 1698 .
September & ndash ; Battle of Pelagonia : The Empire of Nicaea defeats the Principality of Achaea , ensuring the eventual reconquest of Constantinople in 1261 .
An EAN-13 barcode ( originally '' European Article Number '' , but now renamed '' International Article Number '' even though the abbreviation has been retained ) is a 13 digit ( 12 + check digit ) barcoding standard which is a superset of the original 12-digit Universal Product Code ( UPC ) system developed in the United States .
Annapolis reported strong winds and rains on August 13 as well .
He has subsequently written a further nine plays .
Fabiano Luigi Caruana ( born July 30 , 1992 ) is Grandmaster and chess prodigy with dual citizenship of Italy and the United States .
In 2008 , the College enrolled 5,850 undergraduate students and 2,042 graduate and professional students in and granted 1,454 bachelors , 440 masters , and 209 professional degrees .
Peter owned several Florida citrus groves , and with produce from the groves Lilly opened a juice stand on Via Mizner , just off Worth Avenue in Palm Beach .
It consists of carnivorous plants : besides the sundews , the genus Drosera , it also contains the even more-famous Venus fly trap Dionaea muscipula .
In addition to updated graphics , the remake includes new characters , a multiplayer mode , and minigames .
The University of Poitiers is founded .
The singular , commonly used on culturally politicised reserves , is the term First Nations person ( when gender-specific , First Nations man or First Nations woman ) .
On the February 25 episode of Raw , 2008 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee Ric Flair challenged Shawn Michaels to a match at WrestleMania .
York is the traditional county town of Yorkshire , yet it did not form part of any of the three historic ridings , or divisions , of Yorkshire .
png
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 ( IAUC 8802 ) , Halimede was known by the provisional designation S/2002 N 1 .
Therefore , in meteorology for the Northern hemisphere , spring begins on 1 March , summer on 1 June , autumn on 1 September , and winter on 1 December .
If a '' hurricane season '' were to be demarcated in the South Atlantic , it would most likely be the opposite of the North Atlantic season , from November to the end of April with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere .
Thunder Bay ( 2006 census population 109,140 ) , formerly the twin cities of Fort William and Port Arthur , is a city in and the seat of Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Moraceae -- often called the mulberry family or fig family -- is a family of flowering plants comprising about 40 genera and over 1000 species .
La traviata is an opera in three acts by Giuseppe Verdi set to an Italian libretto by Francesco Maria Piave .
The Letter on the Conversion of the Jews by a fifth century bishop named Severus tells of the conversion of the island 's Jewish community in AD 418 .
Odessa catacombs Most of the city 's 19th century houses were built of limestone mined nearby .
The firm was founded by Amédée Gordini nicknamed '' Le Sorcier '' ( The Sorcerer ) .
The BT postcode area , also known as the Belfast postcode area , Royal Mail , Address Management Guide , ( 2004 ) covers Northern Ireland and was the last part of the United Kingdom to be coded , between 1970 and 1974 .
It was the tallest building in the world outside of New York City at the time of its construction , and remained the tallest building in Europe until 1990 .
It was at the top of the French singles charts for a total of eleven weeks and had the highest numbers of download in November 2009 .
Its flagship project , Wikipedia , ranks among the top ten most-visited websites worldwide .
Over the span of three years more than 16,000 solar home systems have been financed through 2,000 bank branches , particularly in rural areas of South India where the electricity grid does not yet extend .
He first drew critical praise for the 1966 Off-Broadway play Eh ? for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award .
In early 1948 , she made the surprising discovery that both Dissociator and Activator could transpose , or change position , on the chromosome .
Hoverflies are harmless to most other animals despite their mimicry of the black and yellow stripes of wasps , which serves to ward off predators .
Observed 30 June 2006 when it occulted TYC 6854-00630 .
The Brak Show - Zorak , various minor characters
Mmhmm ( 2004 -- 2006 ) The group released their fourth album , Mmhmm , in late 2004 .
Hillary married June Mulgrew , the widow of his close friend Peter Mulgrew , on 21 December 1989 .
But there is no botanical relationship with this plant , nor with Sichuan pepper .
In cryptography , RC6 is a symmetric key block cipher derived from RC5 .
Morpheus and Trinity use a subway station telephone to exit the Matrix , but before Neo can leave , he is ambushed by Agent Smith .
The grass pitch is rectangular , stretching 130 -- 145 meters long and 80 -- 90 meters wide .
Hwanhee appeared on Korean television drama '' Over the Rainbow '' during summer of 2006 , and Joo released his solo album The Brian in December 2006 .
For Brazil national football team he played 29 matches , won Copa América 1949 and participated at two FIFA World Cup finals , in 1950 and 1954 .
The partition of Ireland between the Irish Free State and Northern Ireland was not as controversial .
Referred to during development as the ZX81 Colour and ZX82 , the machine was launched as the ZX Spectrum by Sinclair to highlight the machine 's color display , compared with the black-and-white of its predecessor , the Sinclair ZX81 .
Atoka is serviced by several media outlets , including the Atoka County Times , published weekly on Wednesdays , 102.1 KHKC , a radio station headquartered on the county line between Atoka and Coal Counties , and KXII and KTEN , television stations broadcasting from Sherman , Texas .
When mature , the sorrel-colored Lightning Bar stood tall and weighed about 1250 l.
Death In 2000 , Henning died in Los Angeles at age 52 , five months after being diagnosed with liver cancer .
Friar Vicente de Valverde , who had earlier offered the Bible to Atahualpa , intervened again , telling Atahualpa that if he agreed to convert to Catholicism he would convince the rest to commute the sentence .
Sir Redmond Barry died of the effects of a carbuncle on his neck on 23 November 1880 , twelve days after Kelly .
The song is the final song on Panic ! at the Disco 's debut album A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out .
He also forms a rivalry with characters Draco Malfoy , a classmate from an elitist wizarding family , and the cold , condescending Potions master , Severus Snape , Draco 's mentor and the head of Slytherin House .
Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald ( September 24 , 1896 -- December 21 , 1940 ) was an American writer of novels and short stories , whose works are evocative of the Jazz Age , a term he coined himself .
When she was two , her family moved to Baltimore , Maryland , where she began to play the piano .
Natron is white to colourless when pure , varying to gray or yellow with impurities .
Gennady Nikolayevich Rozhdestvensky ( ) ( born May 4 , 1931 ) is a Russian conductor .
Grisham 's writing career bloomed with the success of one his books - The Firm - and he has given up law practice since then except for the brief return in 1996 to fight the case of settlement for the family of a railroad worker .
Cargo cults developed primarily in remote parts of New Guinea and other Melanesian and Micronesian societies in the southwest Pacific Ocean , beginning with the first significant arrivals of Westerners in the 19th century .
Lyndon Baines Johnson ( August 27 , 1908 -- January 22 , 1973 ) , often referred to as LBJ , served as the 36th President of the United States from 1963 to 1969 after his service as the Vice President of the United States from 1961 to 1963 .
I n Karaca ( born 7 March 1973 in London ) is a Turkish Cypriot pop singer with 5 albums .
He is generally considered a manifestation of the Hindu god Vishnu or his Avatar ( incarnation ) Krishna .
It can also refer to any situation wherein an object in the foreground blocks from view ( occults ) an object in the background .
They were contemporaries of The Beatles , and later had the same manager , Brian Epstein .
Other localities severely affected included Buxton and Taggerty .
Notable storms of 1970 include Hurricane Celia , which killed 20 and caused $ 453.8 million in damages as it passed over Cuba and into Corpus Christi , Texas ; and Tropical Storm Dorothy , which killed 51 , most in Martinique .
Selection On October 18 , 1963 , at the 60th IOC Session in Baden-Baden , West Germany , Mexico City finished ahead of bids from Detroit , Buenos Aires and Lyon to host the Games .
Finally , President Heuss declared that Fallersleben 's poem should be the official anthem again , but at official occasions only the third stanza had to be played .
Largely unrecognised during his lifetime , Blake is now considered a seminal figure in the history of both the poetry and visual arts of the Romantic Age .
Durech/O. , J. ; Kaasalainen , M. , Marciniak , A. ; et al. , '' Physical models of ten asteroids from an observers ' collaboration network , '' Astronomy and Astrophysics , Volume 465 , Issue 1 , April I 2007 , pp .
About one year after the construction of the wall , Fechter attempted to flee from the GDR ( German Democratic Republic ) together with his friend Helmut Kulbeik .
The NHC 's archive on Hurricane Cindy .
Ruth died on June 14 , 2007 , at the age of 87 .
Lucretia Coffin Mott ( January 3 , 1793 - November 11 , 1880 ) was an American Quaker , abolitionist , social reformer , and proponent of women 's rights .
Maldonado 's performances in FR3 .5 were enough to attract the interest of GP2 teams , and he signed a contract to drive for Trident Racing in 2007 after a successful test in late 2006 .
Initially the bodies were thrown down a disused mine-shaft at Ganina Yama , 12 miles ( 19 km ) north of Yekaterinburg .
His successes brought him a tour of the United States in 1904 , which increased his interest in his racial heritage .
Roller derby is an American-invented contact sport -- and historically , a form of sports entertainment -- based on formation roller skating around an oval track .
The translation of '' red colored '' was Colorado .
Mary was kept in England for most of her childhood .
It is located in the southern part of the central plateau of the country , at an elevation of 1300 m ( 4256 ft ) .
Rose is one of the tertiary colors on the HSV ( RGB ) color wheel .
'' Shut Up and Drive '' was inspired by '' Blue Monday '' , embracing a noticeable rock-oriented sound .
The Attitude Era was a period in World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) ( known now as World Wrestling Entertainment or WWE ) and professional wrestling history that began as a direct result of the Monday Night Wars , a television ratings conflict between the WWF and long time promotion World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and culminated at the conclusion of the wars in 2001 .
Increase energy efficiency : Run chemical reactions at ambient temperature and pressure whenever possible .
This article is about the atmospheric mesosphere , for the Earth 's mantle see Mesosphere ( mantle ) .
On July 24 , 2008 , Kara came back with two new members , Goo Hara and Kang Jiyoung .
The university has approximately 1,300 faculty in eight colleges and 55 academic departments .
She is the 2008 Olympic individual all-around gold medalist , the 2005 and 2007 World Champion on the balance beam , and the 2005 World Champion on the uneven bars .
Shortly after he recovered , he strained his voice while preaching , which brought on a violent fit of coughing .
The book was published on 30 June 1997 by Bloomsbury in London , and in the United States under the title Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone by Scholastic Corporation in 1998 .
Aerobics is a form of physical exercise that combines rhythmic aerobic exercise with stretching and strength training routines with the goal of improving all elements of fitness ( flexibility , muscular strength , and cardio-vascular fitness ) .
Hucqueliers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 2008 the population was about 98,788 people .
The Faroe Islands have two representatives on the Nordic Council , as members of the Danish delegation .
He assured Bobby he was n't to go by swearing on his son 's name ; however , Cirie , Courtney and Danielle overpowered Shane and told him they felt Bruce was more trustworthy and less problematic .
The Minnesota North Stars were a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for 26 seasons , from 1967 to 1993 .
One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
Frequency Although cyclonic activity is most prevalent in the Eurasian Arctic with approximately 15 cyclones per winter , polar cyclones also occur in Greenland and the Canadian Arctic .
A metallic radioactive transuranic element of the actinides , mendelevium is usually synthesized by bombarding einsteinium with alpha particles . It was named after Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev , who was responsible for the Periodic Table .
This has led to the Crystal Palace area straddling the boundaries of five London Boroughs ; Bromley , Croydon , Lambeth , Southwark and Lewisham .
Airoldi had intended to pass along the Croatian coast then through Kotor and Corfu .
The harvesting of wild seafood is known as fishing and the cultivation and farming of seafood is known as aquaculture , mariculture , or in the case of fish , fish farming .
Moreover , Pompey 's senatorial allies disagreed with Pompey over whether to fight at Pharsalus , and pushed Pompey , who wanted to starve Caesar 's soldiers , into a quick decision .
Honey consists of bee-processed flower nectar and is often named for the type of flower , e.g. orange blossom honey , clover honey and tupelo honey .
It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution .
The Turkish national football team is the national association football team of Turkey , controlled by the Turkish Football Federation ( ) .
Hamasaki dated singer-actor Tomoya Nagase since her brief acting career , and they publicly announced their relationship in 2001 .
Career Shawn Lane was born in Memphis , Tennessee .
Klemme is a city in Hancock County , Iowa , United States .
A liquid in a high pressure environment has a higher boiling point than when the liquid is at atmospheric pressure . In other words , the boiling point of a liquid varies dependent upon the surrounding environmental pressure ( which tends to vary with elevation ) .
Its theme and outlook are often cited as examples of existentialism , though Camus did not consider himself an existentialist ; in fact , its content explores various philosophical schools of thought , including ( most prominently and specifically ) absurdism , as well as determinism , nihilism , naturalism , and stoicism .
It first ran in the daytime on NBC from March 30 , 1964 until January 3 , 1975 ; concurrently ran in a weekly syndicated version from September 9 , 1974 to September 5 , 1975 ; and later ran in a revival from October 2 , 1978 to March 2 , 1979 . All of these versions were hosted by Art Fleming .
Francesco Hayez ( February 10 , 1791 -- December 21 , 1882 ) was an Italian painter , the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan , renowned for his grand historical paintings , political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits .
The movie The Longest Day also contains scenes of the assault on the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc .
There is snow on the pass all year round , although in the summer only a small stretch of snow has to be passed .
Corresponding to most kinds of particles , there is an associated antiparticle with the same mass and opposite electric charge .
The 5200 also featured a revolutionary new controller with an analog joystick , numeric keypad , two fire buttons on each side of the controller and game function keys for Start , Pause , and Reset .
Olympiastadion - Munich (/O1972/O)
Auto racing ( also known as automobile racing , motor racing or car racing ) is a motorsport involving racing cars .
It is threatened by habitat .
D-Von Dudley Raw Brock Lesnar When drafted , Lesnar 's manager , Paul Heyman , went along with him in the draft .
In October , the band began their '' Welcome to the Universe '' tour , sponsored by MTV2 .
Bandai Visual Bandai Entertainment Madman Entertainment
Tesla may have suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder , Kerryr.net and had many unusual quirks and phobias .
The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane , Australia .
In 1945 , he entered a recording studio for the first time , as a member of Herbie Fields 's group .
Massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) is a genre of computer role-playing games in which a very large number of players interact with one another within a virtual game world .
The video was directed by Kinga Burza and features a Moulin Rouge and burlesque-type setting with scenes of Perry , along with many other flamboyantly-dressed women dancing to the song .
It reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming her first top-ten hit in the United States .
Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many calculations are carried out simultaneously , Almasi , G.S. and A. Gottlieb (/O1989/O) .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia ( present-day znik in Turkey ) by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
Only five others are known : , , , and .
During his years of musical study , Pavarotti held part time jobs in order to sustain himself - first as an elementary school teacher and then as an insurance salesman .
Reeve also had two children , Matthew ( born 1979 ) and Alexandra ( born 1983 ) , from his previous relationship with girlfriend Gae Exton .
Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his residence to Rabat .
Guide to Palms A collection of palm images , scientific data , and horticultural information hosted by Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden , Miami .
After Stanford died , Wood assumed his mentor 's vacant role as University of Cambridge Professor of Music in 1924 .
He was given the name Juan Santos Atahualpa . In accordance with his request , he was strangled with a garrote instead of being burned on July 26 , 1533 .
Robert Doornbos took two wins and several podium places on his way to third in the series , winning Rookie of the Year honors .
Lando Calrissian is a character in the Star Wars universe .
Oliwa passed south of Wake Island on September 6 , where it caused heavy rains but no damage .
In ancient times this took the form of actually altering the text of the Sermon to make it more palatable .
Colloquially and by the press , they are often referred to as ministers , e.g. the head of the DDPS as '' minister of defense '' , even though no such post officially exists .
Examples of burrowing animals include a number of frogs , amphibians , reptiles , and birds ( including small dinosaurs ) , as well as numerous invertebrates including insects , spiders , sea urchins , crustaceans , clams and worms .
This is the re-packaged version of the original '' You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' , which was released in 1984 .
At its narrowest point between Kent County 's Plum Point ( near Newtown ) and the Harford County shore near Romney Creek , the Bay is 2.8 miles ( 4.5 km ) wide ; at its widest point , just south of the mouth of the Potomac River , it is 30 miles ( 50 km ) wide .
The disk is described as logical because it does not actually exist as a single physical entity in its own right .
This article contains information on the 1993-1994 season of Serie B , the second highest football league in Italy .
Other descriptive English names based on '' bear '' have included monkey bear , native bear , and tree-bear .
In pre-modern times , antisexualism was usually expressed in religious terms , but it now also occurs as a secular social reform agenda .
The winner of that series becomes the NHL and Stanley Cup champion .
Hot chocolate of this type is commonly sold in circular or hexagonal tablets which can be dissolved into hot milk , water or cream , then blended until the mixture develops a creamy froth .
Official British Raj sources placed the fatalities at 379 , and with 1100 wounded .
Flak tower
The Mediterranean Sea is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean surrounded by the Mediterranean region and almost completely enclosed by land : on the north by Anatolia and Europe , on the south by North Africa , and on the east by the Levant .
Conuropsis , from '' Conurus '' , an obsolete name of the genus Aratinga ( cf .
It was the band 's eleventh studio album and their first to be recorded digitally , and is based on the soundtrack to the film Highlander , the first in a series directed by Russell Mulcahy .
The Cholas and Chalukyas fought many battles and both kingdoms were exhausted by the endless battles and a stalemate existed .
Major factors that contributed to Diablo IIs success include its addictive gameplay and access to the free online play service , Battle.net .
He was elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993 .
In an interview given for World Chess Network after the World Chess Championship 2005 held in San Luis , he said : '' I only prepared seriously for San Luis , and I think it has paid off .
For most of its history Pitt was a private institution , until it became part of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education in 1966 .
Dromore ( ) is a small town in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Each base station frame provides 12 duplex speech channels , with each time slot occupying any channel .
Capsaicin The fruit of most species of Capsicum contains capsaicin ( methyl vanillyl nonenamide ) , a lipophilic chemical that can produce a strong burning sensation in the mouth of the unaccustomed eater .
This chemically-produced light from the lower abdomen may be yellow , green , or pale red -- wavelengths from 510 to 670 nanometers .
Explorer John Oxley was the first European to discover the area in 1817 and named it '' Wellington Valley '' after Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington .
He also would make his first ARCA starts in 2003 , and caught the eye of legendary car owner Richard Childress after leading 47 laps and finishing second in his debut at Nashville Superspeedway driving for Bobby Gerhart .
After lawsuits were filed and heated press statements exchanged , the United States Soccer Federation ( USSF ) declared they would sanction neither the NASL or the USL First Division in 2010 , and ordered both '' camps '' to work together on a plan to temporarily allow their teams to play a 2010 season .
Venom has been known in the families Caenophidia , Anguimorpha , and Iguania and has been shown that it evolved a single time along these lineages before the three families diverged because all lineages share nine common toxins .
That company quickly evolved into the Independent Moving Pictures Company ( IMP ) .
It illustrates the Biblical story from the Book of Genesis in which God the Father breathes life into Adam , the first man .
The work of men like Swami Vivekananda , Ramakrishna Paramhansa , Sri Aurobindo , Subramanya Bharathy , Bankim Chandra Chatterjee , Sir Syed Ahmed Khan , Rabindranath Tagore and Dadabhai Naoroji spread the passion for rejuvenation and freedom .
Fiona Shaw as Petunia Dursley , Harry 's aunt , who , like Vernon , treats him poorly .
Its main functions are to settle legal disputes submitted to it by states and to give advisory opinions on legal questions submitted to it by duly authorized international organs , agencies , and the UN General Assembly .
The 95 Theses on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences , commonly known as The Ninety-Five Theses , was written by Martin Luther in 1517 and is widely regarded as the primary catalyst for the Protestant Reformation .
The first performance of the revised version of his Enigma Variations - the version usually performed - took place at the cathedral during the 1899 Three Choirs Festival .
Lex van den Berghe answered the question with Lindsey Richter 's name , who , unbeknownst to the producers , also had no piercings .
Common engineering solids usually have coefficients of thermal expansion that do not vary significantly over the range of temperatures where they are designed to be used , so where extremely high accuracy is not required , practical calculations can be based on a constant , average , value of the coefficient of expansion .
The Office implements the Programme on Space Applications and maintains the Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space .
David Wright ( born 1 May 1980 in Warrington ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Crystal Palace .
The anatomy of the lobster includes the cephalothorax which is the head combined with the thorax , both of which are covered by the carapace , of chitinous composition , and the abdomen .
Emmanuelle is the lead character in a series of French softcore erotic movies based on a character created by Emmanuelle Arsan in the novel Emmanuelle ( 1959 ) .
Lords required the loyal services of vassals , who were rewarded with fiefs of their own .
He threw them out as he believed they were taking jobs that belonged to Ugandans .
She studied English literature at Hongik University and completed graduate studies at the University of Utah .
Some public celebrations organize multi-cultural food and music events .
In the amphitheater , the condemned ( including Sextus ) are waiting to be thrown to the wild beasts .
This force is still in operation today as part of the Metropolitan Police and is the oldest police force in the world . Even today , many British police forces are referred to officially by the term '' Constabulary '' rather than '' Police '' .
Clare is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
Historical events The movie Anatomy of a Murder was filmed in Ishpeming and surrounding areas in 1959 , based on the novel by Ishpeming native John D. Voelker under the pen name Robert Traver .
A companion DVD was released in June 2003 .
Saint-M édard is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Philip II , Duke of Savoy ( d. 1497 )
Fédération Cynologique Internationale ( FCI ) is an international federation of kennel clubs based in Thuin , Belgium .
Universal , like other major movie studios , owns a considerable library .
McGehee is a city in Desha County , Arkansas , United States .
Bryggen has since 1979 been on the UNESCO list for World Cultural Heritage sites .
They decided to search and eliminate Chinnamalai and his brothers .
The Games were then scheduled to be staged from July 20 to August 4 1940 .
The seabed ( also known as the seafloor , sea floor , or ocean floor ) is the bottom of the ocean .
'' Invasion of the Bane '' is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures .
In both common and leap years , no other month begins on the same day of the week as June .
Pointillism is analogous to the four-color CMYK printing process used by some color printers and large presses that place dots of Cyan ( blue ) , Magenta ( red ) , Yellow , and Key ( black ) .
It first came to prominence in Belgium .
UNESCO confirmed Jikji as the world oldest metalloid type in September 2001 and includes it in the Memory of the World program .
On June 2 , 1986 , Young was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the amateur draft , but did not sign to play Minor League Baseball with Cincinnati , opting instead to enroll at Mississippi State where he developed as a pitcher .
It travels from State Road 826 ( Palmetto Expressway ) and State Road 924 ( Gratigny Parkway ) in Hialeah , Florida ( northwest of Miami ) to Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan , at the Ontario , Canada , border .
In 1833 , Barbados became part of the newly formed colony of the Windward Islands , and the Governor of Barbados became viceroy over the new colony as well .
Boundaries with Jordan , Iraq , and Kuwait were established by a series of treaties negotiated in the 1920s , with two '' neutral zones '' created , one with Iraq and the other with Kuwait .
Gujar Khan ( ) is a city in Rawalpindi District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Christian apologetics is a field of Christian theology that aims to present a rational basis for the Christian faith , defend the faith against objections , and expose the perceived flaws of other world views .
In the United States , in the House of Representatives and in state legislatures and local government councils , the speaker is usually selected by the members of the majority party and functions as a leader of that party .
Edmund was succeeded as king by his brother Edred , king from 946 until 955 .
Both sexes have 3-4 black spots or blotches on their hind wings .
Gwadar District is divided into two sub-divisions , namely Gwadar and Pasni , which are further divided into tehsils and sub-tehsils .
Since his first game , Mario has usually had the role of saving the damsel in distress .
The song was written by Pink with Tre ' Shon Jenkins , Max Martin and Shellback , who also produced the song .
It is now one of China 's most prosperous major cities .
The principal Pacific port is Buenaventura .
On April 1 , the Veneralia was celebrated in honor of Venus Verticordia ( '' Venus the Changer of Hearts '' ) , the protector against vice .
Inverness City Centre lies on the east bank of the river and is linked to the west side of the town by three road bridges ( Ness Bridge , Friars Bridge and the Black ( or Waterloo ) Bridge ) and by one of the town 's suspension foot bridges , the Grieg Street Bridge .
The 1992 Formula One season was the 43rd FIA Formula One World Championship season .
A tricolor or tricolor ( three colors ) is a flag or banner more-or-less equally divided ( horizontally , vertically , or , less frequently , diagonally ) into three bands of differing colors .
Operationally , Helene was estimated to have had 125 mph ( 205 km\/h ) winds , but the post-storm analysis downgraded it slightly .
At the end of each season the top two clubs , together with the winner of the play-offs between the clubs which finished in 3rd -- 6th position , are promoted to Football League Championship and are replaced by the three clubs that finished at the bottom of that division .
He is most famous for publishing the Musica transalpina (/O1588/O) , a collection of Italian madrigals with their words translated into English .
Zeta or ZETA can refer to :
Many early television networks ( e.g. the BBC , NBC or CBS ) evolved from earlier radio networks .
Unlike the chanterelle , the Jack o'Lantern mushroom is poisonous .
Species The name was originally applied to Viscum album ( European Mistletoe , Santalaceae ) , the only species native in Great Britain and much of Europe .
Dilawar Khan establishes the Malwa Sultanate in present-day northern India .
This debris may have been plucked off the valley floor as a glacier advanced or it may have fallen off the valley walls as a result of frost wedging or landslide .
In the 1980s , the Militant tendency was dominant in the Labour group of Liverpool City Council and came into conflict with the Conservative-led central government over finances it claimed had been '' stolen '' .
In 2006 , the incumbent Democratic governor won re-election by 66 % over a former Republican Congressman .
Surrounding settlements include North Wingfield , Tupton , Pilsley and Ashover .
Chloe Sullivan is a fictional character from the television series Smallville .
Weathering is the breaking down of Earth 's rocks , soils and minerals through direct contact with the planet 's atmosphere .
Of these , 33 are so-called ` shire counties ' with both county councils and district and borough councils , and 40 are unitary authorities .
A mischievous boy who can fly and magically refuses to grow up , Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood adventuring on the small island of Neverland as the leader of his gang the Lost Boys , interacting with mermaids , Indians , fairies , and pirates , and from time to time meeting ordinary children from the world outside .
The Communist Party of China took over all of mainland China and founded the People 's Republic of China in Beijing , leading to two rival governments claiming to be the sole legitimate government of '' China '' .
The Affenpinscher is a terrier-like toy breed of dog .
Wallenfels is a town in the district of Kronach , in Bavaria , Germany .
Etiquette is a code of behavior that influences expectations for social behavior according to contemporary conventional norms within a society , social class , or group .
However a few months later in June 1992 the Boipatong massacre occurred and all negotiations crumbled as the ANC pulled out .
Year 4 ( IV ) was a leap year starting on Tuesday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Medically assisted suicide ( euthanasia , or the right to die ) is currently a controversial ethical issue involving people who are terminally ill , in extreme pain , or have ( perceived or construed ) minimal quality of life through injury or illness .
Nupedia was an English-language Web-based encyclopedia whose articles were written by experts and licensed as free content .
The wingless adult female is the glowworm of literature , especially Lampyris noctiluca ( the '' Glow-worm '' proper of British English ) found in the most of Europe .
At the 1990 Grammy Awards , Ultramega OK received a nomination for Best Metal Performance .
It was released in Japan on January 21 , 1999 , in North America on April 26 , 1999 , and in Europe on November 19 , 1999 .
Telegram A written message trasnmitted by using a electric device .
Louisiana uses parishes instead of counties , and the administrative center is a parish seat .
The centre of Frankfurt is located on the north side of the river .
Rehman was born on 14 October 1983 in Birmingham .
To render the meaning of the Greek intensive verb , the early Latin translators of the New Testament , who had no corresponding verb in their language , felt the need to use the phrase '' gratia plena '' ( full of grace ) .
In 2003 , prior to the outbreak of the second Gulf War , the government of Pakistan announced it was opposed to any action against Iraq .
Between 1983 and 1990 , she was a member of the Bundestag ( German Parliament ) .
Conand is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In 1939 , the town , along with the rest of western Ukraine , was invaded by the Soviet Union ( see Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact ) .
Famous extracts from his operas include the '' Ride of the Valkyries '' and the Bridal Chorus from Lohengrin , popularly known as the wedding march '' Here Comes the Bride '' .
Its studios located at Shrine Hills , Matina , Davao City .
But although the great beauty of this work could find no other fault with it , said that Matteo and Sandro were guilty of grave heresy .
Vienna was burned by the Union Army on December 15 , 1864 .
Since it sought an equitable remedy the Seventh Amendment right to a jury trial did not apply .
In April 2001 , the message was updated to '' Only You Can Prevent Wildfires '' .
Among them were Robert Flaherty , Emil Jannings , Greta Garbo and Fritz Lang , who delivered the funeral speech .
In his mind , he was already formulating a new enterprise .
Priscilla Presley ( born Priscilla Ann Wagner ; May 24 , 1945 ) is an American actress and businesswoman .
More precisely , because of the relation between spin and statistics , a particle containing an even number of fermions is a boson , since it has integer spin .
The Twilight Saga : New Moon , commonly referred to as New Moon , is a 2009 American romance fantasy-vampire film based on Stephenie Meyer 's 2006 novel New Moon . It is the second film in The Twilight Saga film series and is the sequel to 2008 's Twilight .
Aprons , such as those used by carpenters , may have many pockets to hold tools .
Josiah Bartlett ( November 21 , 1729 - May 19 , 1795 ) was an American physician and statesman , delegate to the Continental Congress for New Hampshire and signatory of the Declaration of Independence .
Diesels are particularly suitable for turbocharging for several reasons :
Christopher Columbus ' first voyage to the Americas in 1492 launched the era of large-scale contact between the Old and the New Worlds that resulted in this ecological revolution , hence the name '' Columbian '' Exchange .
She developed a rapport with Lemmon , but she disliked Curtis after hearing that he had described their love scenes as '' like kissing Hitler '' .
In April 1994 Space Ghost Coast to Coast ( SGC2C for short ) premiered on Cartoon Network .
Riverside is a city in rural Washington County , Iowa , United States , along the English River on Iowa Highway 22 . It is part of the Iowa City , Iowa Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Curcy-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The density of the alkanes usually increases with increasing number of carbon atoms , but remains less than that of water .
In January 2006 , the pair won their third consecutive national title and qualified for the Olympics . At the Turin Olympics , Belbin and Agosto won the silver medal in ice dancing , the highest Olympic result of any American team in the discipline , and the first American ice dancers to win an Olympic medal in 30 years .
Rites of Spring was an American post-hardcore band from Washington , D.C. in the mid-1980s , known for their energetic live performances .
Sensation play ( BDSM ) , BDSM term
A legend about the first Nizam states that , on one of his hunting trips he was offered some kulchas ( an Indian bread ) by a holy man and was asked to eat as many as he could .
Ambérieux-en-Dombes is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
Smith , Andy ( August 15 , 1998 ) .
It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba ; Harrison and Knowles produced the track for her second solo album , B ` Day .
It has been determined by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale to be part of the German Spitz breed , and in many countries , they are known as the Zwergspitz ( Dwarf Spitz ) , or Toy German Spitz .
Various forms of hallucinations affect different senses , sometimes occurring simultaneously , creating multiple sensory hallucinations for those experiencing them .
In 2006 , the population was 84,688 .
Larocque would be co-winner of four Vezina Trophies .
A ribbon or riband is a thin band of flexible material , typically cloth but also plastic or sometimes metal , used primarily for binding and tying .
Barenton-Bugny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Aincille ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Arnprior is a village in the Stirling council area of Scotland .
Early life He was born in the village Villeneuve-Loubet , near Nice .
Lake Eyre is the lowest point in Australia , at approximately 15 m ( AHD ) below sea level , and , on the rare occasions that it fills , it is the largest lake in Australia .
To coincide with the brand extension , the event was made exclusive to the Raw brand throughout the event 's history .
The height of the outer wall is 48 meters ( 157 ft / 165 Roman feet ) .
Education There are two major centres of education and research located in the canton of Ticino .
It was once thought that appreciable amounts of molecular oxygen were present in the prebiotic atmosphere , which would have essentially prevented the formation of organic molecules ; however , the current scientific consensus is that such was not the case .
However , this term is also used to refer to the intensification of cooperation between EU Member States as national governments allow for the gradual harmonisation of national laws .
His story is taught to this day in German schools as an example of courageous resistance to unjust government .
The University of San Francisco ( USF ) , is a private , Jesuit university located in San Francisco , California .
Aspects of health Physical health Physical fitness refers to good body health , and is the result of regular exercise , proper diet and nutrition , and proper rest for physical recovery .
ISBN 0-691-02075-2 [ ] The legend may combine Christian lore with a Celtic myth of a cauldron endowed with special powers .
Ulan Bator , the capital and largest city , is home to about 38 % of the population .
It can be explained in simple terms : Oxidation describes the loss of electrons / hydrogen or gain of oxygen / increase in oxidation state by a molecule , atom or ion .
Ascoli Piceno is a town and comune in the Marche region of Italy , capital of the province of the same name .
vs. RAW in Japan ) , is a professional wrestling video game released on the PlayStation 2 console by THQ and developed by Yuke 's . It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw series ( the first under the SmackDown vs. Raw name ) and is based on the professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
In their debut at the 2007 World Figure Skating Championships , they placed 6th .
Moreover , angular momentum conservation has numerous applications in physics and engineering ( e.g. the gyrocompass ) .
After an early attempt at this song on 27 January 1969 during the Let It Be sessions , Lennon announced , '' Just heard that Yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the song , substituting '' I 'm free at last '' for a part of the lyric .
Along with WrestleMania XXVIII , a series of events grouped as '' WrestleMania Week '' will be held in the week preceding the event including WrestleMania 's annual WrestleMania Axxess fan convention at the Miami Beach Convention Center , the 2012 WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the American Airlines Arena , the finals of the WrestleMania Reading Challenge , and a Celebrity Pro-Am Golf tournament .
official_name = R d u i
Hildebrand developed methods for interpreting seismic data , and subsequently realized that the technology could be used to detect , analyze , and modify pitch .
Gion-Shijo Station on the Keihan Railway Keihan Line is located beyond the Kamo River .
Grandparents in non western cultures can hold more authority over the matters of a family such as child raising , attitudes and values .
Writer and broadcast analyst John L. Allen , Jr. states that Opus Dei provides abundant information about itself .
They renamed the place Alcante or Alcanatif which means Port of Salt , due to the old salt industry of Phoenicians and Romans .
It is located in the southern Netherlands , some 80 km south of Amsterdam ( map ) .
Ayers earned a B.A. from the University of Michigan in American Studies in 1968 ( his father , mother and older brother had preceded him there ) .
He was born in the Melbourne suburb of Reservoir .
Pistoia is a city in the Tuscany region of Italy , the capital of a province of the same name , located about 30 km west and north of Florence .
It was once part of the north\/south Torrance to San Pedro spur line of the Pacific Electric Railway , that agency 's first interurban line to San Pedro .
The 727 had high-lift devices on its wing , thus being one of the first jets able to operate from relatively short runways .
Preparatory work had already started at a site at Bessborough Gardens near Vauxhall Bridge Road in May 1967 , and on 28 June 1968 Richard Marsh , then Minister of Transport , approved the proposal to build a station at Pimlico .
Cameron was once an atheist , but when Kirk was 17 , during the height of his career on Growing Pains , he developed a belief in God , and became a born-again Christian .
The 1st Infantry Division of the United States Army -- nicknamed '' The Big Red One '' after its shoulder patch ; and also nicknamed '' The Fighting First '' -- is the oldest division in the United States Army , and has seen continuous service since its organization in 1917 .
September 23 & ndash ; The Sadians consolidate their power in Morocco by defeating the last of their enemies .
The bidding process for the 2016 Summer Olympic Games was officially launched on May 16 , 2007 .
Streets in Morehead City and Beaufort were closed , and several homes and businesses suffered minor flood damage .
Barbara raised her children while her husband , who served in a variety of government jobs , was usually away .
Mahima Dharma , Bhima Bhoi and Biswanathbaba According to Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami , '' This is similar to our ability to communicate with others through the telephone .
Out of 27 stations served , 13 are below ground .
Audie attended elementary school in Celeste until his father abandoned the family in 1936 . He dropped out in the fifth grade to help support his family .
Aluminium fluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula AlF3 .
This name is used as a common term because Khanpur has had a long history of producing clay bowls .
Americans use the terms '' hot chocolate '' and '' hot cocoa '' interchangeably .
