An ode by the poet , Martial , in 88 AD suggests that both Venus , patroness of Pompeii , and Hercules were worshipped in the region devastated by the eruption of 79 .
Early life He was born William FitzMaurice in Dublin in Ireland , the first son of John FitzMaurice , who was the second surviving son of the 1st Earl of Kerry .
Historically , most absinthes contain between 50 and 75 percent alcohol by volume ( 100 to 150 proof ) .
It was written and composed by band member Beyoncé Knowles , Anthony Dent , and Mathew Knowles for the band 's third studio album Survivor (/O2001/O) .
This deep area is the Mariana Trench proper .
He was the second son of a Protestant pastor and his wife .
Vladislav F. Ribnikar was the founder of Politika , the oldest Serbian newspaper .
Vombatus
This storyline set up an NWA title match at Lockdown in a Six Sides of Steel match in the main event .
Barenboim made his debut as a pianist in Vienna and Rome in 1952 , Paris in 1955 , London in 1956 , and New York in 1957 under the baton of Leopold Stokowski .
The Royal Albert Hall is one of the UK 's most treasured and distinctive buildings , recognisable the world over .
Cutry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Weathering occurs in situ , or '' with no movement '' , and thus should not be confused with erosion , which involves the movement of rocks and minerals by agents such as water , ice , wind and gravity .
Rajshahi Division ( ) is one of the seven administrative divisions of Bangladesh .
Until the independence of Namibia was inaugurated in 1990 , Windhoek was recognised as the capital city of South West Africa as administered by the South African government .
Its sources are in the Cordillera Central and flows into the Yuna River .
Also author of the graphic novel Road to Perdition , which became a screenplay and was filmed in 2002 , starring Tom Hanks and Jude Law .
The federal nature of the Commonwealth and the structure of the Parliament of Australia were the subject of protracted negotiations among the colonies during the drafting of the Constitution .
Karen Walker ( née Delaney , previously St. Croix , Popeil , and Finster ) is a fictional character on the American television sitcom Will & Grace ( 1998 -- 2006 ) .
Brummell took a house on Chesterfield Street in Mayfair , and , for a time , avoided extravagance and gaming : for example , he kept horses but no carriages .
Video of Stallone visiting Italy Stallone 's mother was born in Washington , D.C. , the daughter of a Parisian socialite .
He took the technical leadership of the olympiacos team , with Andreas Niniadis as his assistant , after Zico 's dismissal .
It is an example from several lines of ancient sarcopterygian fish developing adaptations to the oxygen-poor shallow-water habitats of its time , Jennifer A. Clack , Scientific American , Getting a Leg Up on Land Nov. 21 , 2005 .
This category is for notable people from Italy .
Battle of Varna : The crusading forces of King Ladislas of Poland and Hungary are crushed by the Turks under Sultan Murad II .
Soucy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Beverly Matherne , poet and a professor at the Northern Michigan University and Carolyn Mary Kleefeld , American author , poet , and visual artist , are also Honorary Members of the movement .
Khatris are found among both Hindu\/Sikh as well as Muslim Punjabis .
She emigrated to the United States in 1968 , and shortly before the expiry of her visa married Jack Manahan , a Virginia history professor who was later characterized as '' probably Charlottesville 's best-loved eccentric '' .
It makes up the main part of Ulleung County , North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 13 January 1986 , and was given the temporary designation S\/1986 U 4 .
Multicellular organisms utilize more complex excretory methods .
In late summer 1931 , he graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering , after completing a practical assignment on temporary transmission lines at the Dnieper Hydroelectric Station .
English Premier League
It has been released for all three seventh generation video game systems : the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Wii .
which cover a range of techniques used with personnel , aircraft , ships , submarines , and missiles , in order to make them less visible ( ideally invisible ) to radar , infrared , Mahulikar , S.P. , Sonawane , H.R. , & Rao , G.A. , (/O2007/O) Infrared signature studies of aerospace vehicles , Progress in Aerospace Sciences , v. 43 ( 7-8 ) : 218-245 .
In the case of hydrogen-1 , with a single electron and nucleon , the proton is , or 99.95 % of the total atomic mass . with protons and neutrons having roughly equal mass .
In 2006 , Cohen was inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame .
EJB QL is a database query language similar to SQL .
After losing a power struggle with the board of directors in 1984 , Jobs resigned from Apple and founded NeXT , a computer platform development company specializing in the higher education and business markets .
It is named after Umberto Dall ` Olmo ( 1925-1980 ) , who was an amateur astronomer with degrees in both law and physics , who principally observed Jupiter and studied flare stars with Rosino .
Tel Aviv was the temporary government center of the State of Israel until the government moved to Jerusalem in December 1949 . Due to the international dispute over the status of Jerusalem , most foreign embassies remained in or near Tel Aviv .
Miikka Sakari Kiprusoff ( ; born October 26 , 1976 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
New Jersey Institute of Technology (/O2004/O)
Simone Signoret noted in her autobiography the morbidity of Miller and Elia Kazan resuming their professional association '' over a casket '' .
David James Connolly ( born 6 June 1977 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Southampton .
Jarvis is one of the southern Line Islands and for statistical purposes is also grouped as one of the United States Minor Outlying Islands .
After retiring from the music industry in 1993 , Astley made a comeback in 2007 when he became an Internet phenomenon , as his video for '' Never Gon/Ona Give You Up '' became part of a popular Internet meme known as '' Rickrolling '' .
He also reorganised the borough 's fire brigade , and , among other police innovations , set up twelve of the then new '' police pillars '' , a network of two-way microphone handsets across the borough enabling the public to contact police stations and civil defense posts directly .
Currently , the promotion serves as the official developmental territory for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Pittsburgh Alleghenys ( 1887 -- 1889 )
It was an important route for merchants and travelers of ancient times that allowed for trade and cultural exchange between emergent peoples of the region -- the Mesopotamian , Egyptian , Phoenician , Carthaginian , Iberian , Greek , Illyrian , Thracian , Levantine , Gallic , Roman , Arabic , Berber , Jewish , Slavic and Turkish cultures .
In June 2008 , CNET hailed Nupedia as one of the greatest defunct websites in the still young internet history .
Herpetology is the branch of zoology concerned with the study of amphibians ( including frogs , toads , salamanders , newts , and gymnophionae ) and reptiles ( including snakes , lizards , amphisbaenids , turtles , terrapins , tortoises , crocodilians , and the tuataras ) .
A major eruption occurred in 1947 to begin this cycle of activity .
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture .
The fortified city holds out for nearly eight months without bombard artillery .
Les affaires sont les affaires ( 1903 ) ( Business is business , New York , 1904 ) .
The Travelcard season ticket for unlimited travel on London Buses and the London Underground was launched on 22 May 1983 by London Transport .
Peter Lorre ( 26 June 1904 & ndash ; 23 March 1964 ) was an Austrian-American actor frequently typecast as a sinister foreigner .
Wallace continued charting the Rio Negro for four years , collecting specimens and making notes on the peoples and languages he encountered as well as the geography , flora , and fauna .
$ 6.14 billion (/O2007/O)
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
Stoker 's inspirations for the story , in addition to Whitby , may have included a visit to Slains Castle in Aberdeenshire , a visit to the crypts of St. Michan 's Church in Dublin , and also St Mary 's parish church in Hendon , London .
In its most common form , it has narrowboat shaped body , three strings and is played on the arm or under the chin , like a violin .
During Pearson 's time as Prime Minister , his minority government introduced universal health care , student loans , the Canada Pension Plan , the Order of Canada , and the current Canadian flag .
The tower is situated at the southern side of the place , where the land walls of the city join the sea walls .
Nicholas Breakspear was born near St Albans and applied to be admitted to the abbey as a novice , but he was turned down .
His father died when Mariano was an infant , and his mother by the time he was 12 .
Like Castro , Khrushchev felt that a U.S. invasion of Cuba was imminent , and that to lose Cuba would do great harm to the communist cause , especially in Latin America .
The name Escopetarra is derived from the Spanish words escopeta and guitarra , which means rifle and guitar .
In 1920 Blackpool Corporation took over the Blackpool & Fleetwood Tramroad Company gaining eight miles of track and three depots , two in Fleetwood and one in Bispham .
Interstate 45 ( I-45 ) is an intrastate Interstate Highway located entirely within the U.S. state of Texas .
Drogue chutes are used to aid horizontal deceleration of a vehicle ( a fixed-wing aircraft , or a drag racer ) , or to provide stability ( tandem free-fall , or space shuttle after touchdown ) .
Harry Houdini died of peritonitis , secondary to a ruptured appendix .
Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Licensor or as may be otherwise permitted by applicable law , if You Reproduce , Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work either by itself or as part of any Adaptations or Collections , You must not distort , mutilate , modify or take other derogatory action in relation to the Work which would be prejudicial to the Original Author 's honor or reputation .
Alfa Romeo made the first modern Formula One V10 in 1986 ; although it was never used in a Formula One car .
The American Staffordshire terrier is a breed of dog .
Mario Kart DS was released by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS in North America on November 14 , 2005 , in Australia on November 17 , 2005 , in Europe on November 25 , 2005 , in Japan on December 8 , 2005 , and in Korea on April 5 , 2007 .
Accommodation ( eye ) , the process by which the eye increases optical power to maintain a clear image ( focus ) on an object as it draws near
Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales 125:287 -- 300 The musculature of the face , jaw and tongue is specialised to allow the Echidna to feed .
The complex includes the Melbourne Central Shopping Centre , which was refurbished in 2005 by architects Ashton Raggatt McDougall ; the Melbourne Central railway station ( a part of the City Loop underground railway and formerly called Museum ) ; and the 211 m high office tower with its distinctive black color and two communications masts .
Military In the military , the term '' tent city '' usually refers to temporary living quarters erected on deployed military bases , such as those found in Bosnia or Iraq .
The species was named by ornithologist John Latham on a specimen from the Sydney , Australia area , which was referred to as New Holland at the time .
René Jalbert , sergeant-at-arms of the assembly , succeeds in calming him , for which he will later receive the Cross of Valour .
Papageno accompanies Tamino , and they set forth , guided by three boys .
Career He made his solo debut on January 6 , 1933 playing the Brahms Violin Concerto with the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by the Romanian George Georgescu .
The Ford Crown Victoria ( commonly nicknamed the Crown Vic ) is a rear-wheel drive full-size car first produced by the Ford Motor Company for the North American market in the mid-1950s .
The 2006 Central Pacific cyclone , also called 91C .
A new stone building was erected to house the Big Horn Academy in 1916 .
WWE Tough Enough is a professional wrestling reality television program produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) wherein participants undergo professional wrestling training and competed for a contract with WWE .
In the early 1970s , fifty were fitted with electric train supply in place of their steam heating boilers and assigned to work services on the Midland Main Line from London St Pancras to Nottingham , Derby and Sheffield .
Born to Jewish parents in Moscow , where his father had just opened a small factory , Rubinstein showed talent at the keyboard early on .
Hangu Pass , pass in China
The Minnesota Wild are a professional ice hockey team based in St. Paul , Minnesota , United States .
Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT ) is a term originally referring to mean solar time at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich , London .
Parallel ATA ( PATA ) is an interface standard for the connection of storage devices such as hard disks , solid-state drives , and CD-ROM drives in computers .
Similar nerve tissue-derived vaccines are still used in some countries , as they are much cheaper than modern cell culture vaccines .
His widow Henrietta Maria returns to her native France .
Structural engineers are most commonly involved in the design of buildings and large nonbuilding structures but they can also be involved in the design of machinery , medical equipment , vehicles or any item where structural integrity affects the item 's function or safety .
DC Comics produces material featuring a large number of well-known characters , including Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , the Flash , Green Lantern , Captain Marvel , Hawkman , the Teen Titans , Zatanna , Green Arrow , Aquaman , Martian Manhunter , Robin , Supergirl , Plastic Man , and the Justice League ; villains such as Lex Luthor , the Joker , and Catwoman ; and the rest of the DC Universe .
Whilst on board , she became acquainted with Henri Rochefort , a famous polemist , who became her friend until her death .
Wombats are herbivores ; their diet consists mostly of grasses , sedges , herbs , bark and roots .
O'Connor was born in Katy , Texas , to Walter and Sandra O ` Connor .
'' Gunsmoke and Saddle Leather : Firearms in the nineteenth-century American West '' by Charles G. Worman , Published by UNM Press , 2005 However , in the Italian War of 1859 , French forces were able to defeat the longer range of Austrian rifle muskets by aggressive skirmishing and rapid bayonet assaults at close quarters combat .
At age 17 , upon moving to Paris , he took private organ lessons with Charles Tournemire , whom he assisted at Basilique Ste-Clotilde , Paris until 1927 .
A natural resource is a renewable resource if it is replaced by natural processes at a rate comparable or faster than its rate of consumption by humans .
Except from the graduate schools of Engineering , Law and Management , which have trimestral calendar , most of the colleges and schools of PLM consist of two regular semesters of about 15 to 16 weeks each , and semestral breaks of about three to four weeks .
The Quokka ( Setonix brachyurus ) , the only member of the genus Setonix , is a small macropod about the size of a domestic cat .
Superstar selections There were 28 selections conducted in the draft overall .
Further Reading - General histories Kaplan , Lawrence S . The Long Entanglement : NATO 's First Fifty Years .
Credited to Lennon\/McCartney , the song comprises distinct segments written independently by John Lennon and Paul McCartney , with orchestral additions .
July is the seventh month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
Gaelic handball ( known in Ireland simply as handball ; ) is a sport similar to Basque pelota , racquetball , squash and American handball ( an almost identical game ) .
Virtual Palm Encyclopedia - Introduction Palms appear on the flags and seals of several places where they are native , including those of Haiti , Guam , Florida and South Carolina .
The River Mersey ( ) is a river in North West England .
The term cell growth is used in the contexts of cell development and cell division ( reproduction ) When used in the context of cell division , it refers to growth of cell populations , where one cell ( the '' mother cell '' ) grows and divides to produce two '' daughter cells '' .
The now-famous '' Miller- Urey experiment '' used a highly reduced mixture of gases- methane , ammonia and hydrogen- to form basic organic monomers , such as amino acids .
Following the demise of the team , he joined Bernie Ecclestone 's Brabham team at Weybridge , where he would stay for the following decade , becoming chief mechanic for the World Drivers ' Championship successes of Nelson Piquet in and and later rising to chief engineer , while Nick went on to open a Motor Racing spares shop near the Brands Hatch circuit .
Magnicourt-en-Comte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Layyah District ( Urdu ) is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan .
Fort Ouiatenon was the first fortified European settlement in what is now called Indiana .
A conurbation is a region comprising a number of cities , large towns , and other urban areas that , through population growth and physical expansion , have merged to form one continuous urban and industrially developed area .
Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Wacker Innsbruck .
Her father-in-law Boris says it is her fault for not producing an heir , but she blames her husband Zinovy for not being able to make her love him .
Paul Kenneth Birchall ( born October 8 , 1979 ) better known by his ring name Paul Burchill , is an English professional wrestler .
An analog signal is a datum that changes over time -- say , the temperature at a given location ; the depth of a certain point in a pond ; or the amplitude of the voltage at some node in a circuit -- that can be represented as a mathematical function , with time as the free variable ( abscissa ) and the signal itself as the dependent variable ( ordinate ) .
Mori is the eleventh Asian woman to win the pageant , the most recent being Lara Dutta of India who was Miss Universe 2000 .
Daryl Christine Hannah ( born December 3 , 1960 ) is an American film actress .
In 1806 , Mankani Talpurs shifted their capital from Keti Mir Tharo and laid foundations for Mirpur Khas under the leadership of Mir Ali Murad Talpur .
The Palio is a traditional medieval horse race is run around the Piazza del Campo twice each year , on July 2 and Augus 16 .
Andy Newmark -- Drums on '' Right ''
The European anchovy , Engraulis encrasicolus , is the main commercial anchovy with Morocco being the largest supplier of canned anchovies .
He was able to gradually win his way back into the graces of Hungary 's monarch , and eventually marry a member of the royal family .
Normally an evergreen coniferous tree that is brought into a home or used in the open , a Christmas tree is decorated with Christmas lights and colourful ornaments during the days around Christmas .
Music of the Sun is the debut album of Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna , released August 26 , 2005 on Def Jam Recordings .
The Small White ( Pieris rapae ) is a small - to medium-sized butterfly species of the Yellows-and-Whites family Pieridae .
Elias Howe , Jr. ( July 9 , 1819 -- October 3 , 1867 ) was an American inventor and sewing machine pioneer .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
Grisham , John , bestselling author of The Firm , A Painted House and Skipping Christmas .
On May 23 , 1447 Gozzoli was in Rome with Fra Angelico , called by Pope Eugene IV to carry out the fresco decoration of a chapel in the Vatican Palace .
Brouqueyran is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
She was born in Monticello , near Charlottesville , Virginia and was named in honor of her mother and name of Martha Washington , wife of George Washington .
The Thracians and the other auxiliaries who were left in the camp , in total seven cohorts , defended bravely , but they were not able to fend off the enemy assault .
During the years 1916 -- 20 , 1923 -- 24 , and 1927 -- 1938 , Frost taught English at Amherst College , in Massachusetts , notably encouraging his students to account for the sounds of the human voice in their writing .
The oldest registered usage of the name Lencis ( from which Lenzburg derives ) is from 893 AD .
He added that this time around '' They 've got a different set of problems ... because you 've got 13 dwarves , a whole band of them ... You 're trying to represent a whole race ... You 're trying to do for dwarves what ` The Lord of the Rings ' did for hobbits '' .
It found a new lease of life as a ground-attack and infantry support aircraft .
Scissors , represented by the index and middle fingers extended and separated .
This group of gases are very unreactive .
Classification systems which have a kingdom of Protista may include green algae in the Protista or in the Plantae .
Luke is shocked back into his normal self when Annabeth helps him remember his promise of family to Annabeth , as he brutally smashes her across the throne room .
Pirmil is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
It is one of the largest tourist attractions in the county and Southern California .
Salta ( ) is a province of Argentina , located in the northwest of the country .
Konzum is Croatia 's largest supermarket chain with just over 600 stores open in Croatia and has more than 10.000 employees .
Amongst other motor racing events , it holds the annual Formula One German Grand Prix .
After the match , Triple H delivered a Pedigree to both Cena and Orton and posed with the WWE Championship .
Yokoi was married .
Later on he worked as a journalist in Zagreb .
The BT postcode area , also known as the Belfast postcode area , covers Northern Ireland and was the last part of the United Kingdom to be coded , between 1970 and 1974 .
Paula Jones accuses U.S. President Bill Clinton of sexual harassment .
He sang on their demo and on some songs on their debut album Single File .
Weismann was one of the first biologists to deny soft inheritance entirely .
The conflict was a result of the expansionist policies of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini .
It has been used extensively in read heads of modern hard drives .
The word pwn most likely came about as a common typo of the word '' own '' because the '' p '' and '' o '' keys are adjacent on a standard English keyboard .
Where daylight saving time is used , '' standard time '' may refer to the time without daylight saving time .
Jennifer Aniston was born in Sherman Oaks , Los Angeles , California to actors John Aniston and Nancy Dow . Aniston is of Greek descent on her father 's side , and of Scottish and Italian descent on her mother 's side .
'' Sons and Daughters of Saint Lucia '' is the national anthem of Saint Lucia , first adopted in 1967 upon achieving self government , and confirmed as the official anthem upon independence in 1979 .
Gary Karr ( born November 20 , 1941 ) , is an American classical double bass virtuoso and teacher .
Turbocharged engines dominated and ended the Cosworth DFV era in the mid 1980s .
The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award , or Super Bowl MVP , is an award presented annually to the most valuable player of the Super Bowl , the National Football League 's ( NFL ) championship game .
The Song dynasty was the first government in world history to issue paper money and the first Chinese polity to establish a permanent standing navy .
Through her secret marriage with Edward Seymour , 1st Earl of Hertford , she incurred the enduring wrath of Queen Elizabeth and lived in captivity until her death .
Oblivion was released March 20 , 2006 , for Windows PCs and the Xbox 360 .
The Deccan Herald is a popular English-language daily newspaper in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Large workshops , slipways , wharves , residences and other buildings retain the texture of the island 's industrial past .
His family moved to New York when he was five years old .
To make matters worse , Rudolph of Swabia died on October 16 of the same year .
In medicine , dialysis ( from Greek '' dialusis '' , meaning dissolution , '' dia '' , meaning through , and '' lusis '' , meaning loosening ) is primarily used to provide an artificial replacement for lost kidney function ( renal replacement therapy ) due to renal failure .
Pallonetto Pallonetto or pallonetto ligure al lungo is generally played on urban streets with tennis balls without covering felt .
Around this time , most likely at Shaftesbury 's prompting , Locke composed the bulk of the Two Treatises of Government .
Although whale sharks have very large mouths , they feed mainly , though not exclusively , on plankton , microscopic plants and animals , although the BBC program Planet Earth filmed a whale shark feeding on a school of small fish .
To be eligible for election a candidate for the board must be among the executive officers of the member companies .
Power came from the Renault E-type ( '' Energy '' ) engine in 1.4 L , 1.6 L , 1.8 L , and the F-type unit in both 1.9 L diesel and 2.0 L petrol form , although this time around there was a wider variety of 16-valve derivatives .
Brackish water is water that has more salinity than fresh water , but not as much as seawater .
The City of Nottingham was administratively part of Nottinghamshire between 1974 and 1998 but is now a unitary authority although it remains part of the historic and ceremonial county .
Jordan Schroeder ( born September 29 , 1990 ) is an American professional ice hockey right winger who plays for the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
She has appeared in Disney Channel 's Express Yourself segments with other Disney Channel stars .
The lowest point is sea level at the Hudson .
A member of the Israeli Knesset representing the Balad party from 1996 until resigning in April 2007 , Bishara is still the leader of that party .
Schaffhausen hosts some well-known industrial companies like Georg Fischer ( piping systems , machine tools and automotives ) , an internationally-reputed manufacturer of watches ( IWC ) , pharmaceutical industry ( Cilag , founded by Bernhard Joos ) and BB Biotech ( biotechnologies ) .
Fine structure arises from relativistic kinetic energy corrections , spin-orbit coupling ( an electrodynamic interaction between the electron 's spin and motion and the nucleus 's electric field ) and the Darwin term ( contact term interaction of s-shell electrons inside the nucleus ) .
Handler has also appeared at author appearances as '' Lemony Snicket 's handler '' , as well as appearing as Snicket himself in various other books and media , including the commentary track for the film version of his books , Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events .
A powiat ( pronounced [ ] ; Polish plural powiaty ) is the second-level unit of local government and administration in Poland , equivalent to a county , district or prefecture ( LAU-1 , formerly NUTS-4 ) in other countries .
World War II After the war broke out , units under his command took part in reprisal actions and the shooting of POWs during the September Campaign , although von dem Bach was not personally present .
Bryophyta are simple plants , they are thought to be the simplest .
Rifled muskets of the mid 19th century were significantly more accurate , with the ability to hit a man sized target at up to .
Gould 's work is referenced in Charles Darwin 's book , On the Origin of Species .
Other landmarks like the Andhra Pradesh High Court , Jubilee Hall , Asafia library , The Assembly building , the Osmania Arts College and the Osmania Medical College are among their notable constructions .
The SAT is owned , published , and developed by the College Board , a non-profit organization in the United States , and was once developed , published , and scored by the Educational Testing Service ( ETS ) .
Vulcans are featured in all five Star Trek series , three of which featured a Vulcan as a main character .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 7.5 square miles ( 19.5 km2 ) , all of it land .
Mistreat is a Finnish racist RAC-band that was formed in 1988 in Kouvola .
Australian Museum online , Collection Highlights References Flannery , T.F. , Archer , M. , Rich , T.H. , Jones , R. ( 1995 ) '' A new family of monotremes from the Cretaceous of Australia '' .
Because local building codes require the building to have a helipad , it is also the tallest building in the world with a roof-top heliport .
By 258 - 260 , the Empire split into three competing states : the Gallic Empire , including the Roman provinces of Gaul , Britannia and Hispania ; the Palmyrene Empire , including the eastern provinces of Syria Palaestina and Aegyptus ; and the Italian-centered and independent Roman Empire , proper , between them .
John FitzAlan , 13th Earl of Arundel ( d. 1421 )
Developing in parallel with the urban culture of Kyoto and Edo , Osaka likewise featured bunraku and grand kabuki productions , pleasure quarters , and a lively artistic community .
To pay for the added administrative costs , the prefecture collects municipal taxes , which would usually be levied by the city .
Music for consorts was very popular in England in Elizabethan times , with composers such as William Byrd and John Dowland , and , during the reign of King Charles I , John Jenkins and William Lawes .
Printed books can not contain more than 500 articles , will contain 800 pages per volume ( books more than 800 pages long will be split over two or more volumes ) .
Lubanki , also known as Labanki , is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Labanas tribal grouping in Punjab .
Its name derives from Doktoro Esperanto , the pseudonym under which L. L. Zamenhof published the first book detailing Esperanto , the Unua Libro , in 1887 .
Icon ( novel ) , a 1997 fiction novel by Frederick Forsyth
He got some jobs in Asbury Park , New Jersey , playing at the Hongkong Inn , until a better player took his place .
Rucker and his publisher marketed the book , tongue in cheek , as non-fiction .
Lincoln ( ) is a cathedral city and county town of Lincolnshire , England .
As of the 2000 census it had a population of 1,443,741 , making it the 7th largest county in the state , and by 2008 it was estimated 1,474,368 .
The encouragement and use of Métis French and Michif is growing due to outreach within the provincial Métis councils after at least a generation of decline .
Abbott found the quote authentic and referred to him as the '' master of lies '' .
Worldwide production in 1998 was approximately 45 million tonnes .
David Krumholtz as Mr. Universe : A '' techno-geek '' with good relations with the crew of Serenity , especially Wash , Mr. Universe lives with his '' love-bot '' wife and monitors incoming signals from around the universe .
After the formal agreement , nine Labor Co-operative MPs were elected at the 1929 general election , and Alexander was made a cabinet minister .
Oxford English Dictionary : '' The ceramic material was apparently so named on account of the resemblance of its translucent surface to the nacreous shell of the mollusc .
At the other end of the Christmas cake continuum , the apple creme Christmas cake is a rich mix of finely sliced apples , raisins and other fruit , with eggs , cream cheese , and heavy whipping cream .
It has a population of approximately 23,000 inhabitants .
Berlin is the capital city and one of sixteen states of Germany .
His best-known works include the novel The Monkey Wrench Gang , which has been cited as an inspiration by radical environmental groups , and the non-fiction work Desert Solitaire .
On April 20 , 2008 the Brazilian Roman Catholic priest Adelir Antonio de Carli unsuccessfully flew using a chair and 1000 helium balloons .
Assisi ( , from the ) is a town and comune of Italy in the province of Perugia in the Umbria region , on the western flank of Monte Subasio .
The taxanes are diterpenes produced by the plants of the genus Taxus ( yews ) .
In the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 he made it to the quarter finals , where he lost 3-1 to eventual champion Rustam Kasimdzhanov .
See Egyptian chronology for details .
Borat 's movie has been accused of promoting antiziganism .
It was once one commonly seen throughout the island including in the Settlement .
They were finally subdued by the Spanish in 1697 .
Shunsuke Maeda is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Oita Trinita .
Shostakovich 's orchestral works include 15 symphonies and six concerti .
The front of the shirt has a beige background with the school crest placed on the top left of the shirt .
Modern infantry weaponry include rifles , sub machine guns , machine guns , shoulder-fired rocket launchers and missiles , and lighter mortars and grenade launchers .
Ubik ( ) uses extensive networks of psychics and a suspended state after death in creating a state of eroding reality .
By 2000 , Panama controlled the Panama Canal which connects the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea to the North of the Pacific Ocean .
It drains into Lake Lugano .
Toothpaste , which often contains fluoride , is commonly used in conjunction with a toothbrush to increase the effectiveness of toothbrushing .
The city was the scene of fierce fighting in the late 1990s .
Different methods of radiometric dating vary in the timescale over which they are accurate and the materials to which they can be applied .
Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres ( ; 29 August 1780 - 14 January 1867 ) was a French Neoclassical painter .
The genus Amanita contains about 600 species of agarics including some of the most toxic known mushrooms found worldwide .
A Compact Disc ( also known as a CD ) is an optical disc used to store digital data .
The story is set in a Soviet labor camp in the 1950s , and describes a single day of an ordinary prisoner , Ivan Denisovich Shukhov .
During the course of a season , which runs from August until May , each club plays the others at least three times , either once at home and twice away or vice-versa .
His parents , Nathra and Rose Nader , were Maronite Catholic immigrants from Lebanon .
He was aided by several assistants , among which were Arnolfo di Cambio and Lapo di Ricevuto .
Langdon Place is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Hallé then decided to continue work with this orchestra as a formal organization , and the orchestra gave its first concert under those auspices on 30 January 1858 .
Louis-Napoléon was unseated following defeat in the Franco-Prussian war of 1870 and his regime was replaced by the Third Republic .
Mini-Me ( Verne Troyer ) - Dr. Evil 's miniature clone who first appears in the second film .
In June 1974 , the Weather Underground released a 151-page volume titled Prairie Fire , which stated : '' We are a guerrilla organization ( ... ) We are communist women and men underground in the United States ( ... ) '' The Weatherman leadership , including Ayers , pushed for a radical reformulation of sexual relations under the slogan '' Smash Monogamy '' .
She also had a part in a minor TV film A Pattern of Roses .
The Shyok flows in a wide valley , suddenly entering a narrow gorge after Chalunka , continuing through Turtuk and Tyakshi before crossing into Pakistan .
In 1821 he visited the National Institute for the Blind in Paris , France , where he met Louis Braille .
The Athletics are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
Charles Joseph Whitman ( June 24 , 1941 - August 1 , 1966 ) was a student at the University of Texas at Austin and a former Marine who killed 16 people and wounded 32 others during a shooting rampage on and around the university 's campus on Aug. 1 , 1966 .
By 1858 , of the roughly 1,000 free residents of Auburn , some 500 were students .
Western Armenia ( Western ) , also referred to as Byzantine Armenia , later Turkish Armenia , or Ottoman Armenia is a term coined following the division of Greater Armenia between Eastern Roman Empire ( Western Armenia ) and Persia ( Eastern Armenia , Persarmenia ) in 387 .
Despite its status as part of an occupied city , East Berlin was claimed as the capital of East Germany , as the Soviets did not honor the distinction of a free city for their sector .
One possibility is the Tuareg phrase was shortened to ngher , from the middle of the river near Timbuktu .
Paul Steel :
History of the Schulze method The Schulze method was developed by Markus Schulze in 1997 .
The climate between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists was confrontational .
He did not claim the crown of West Francia when his brother died in 898 ; but recognising the supremacy of the Carolingian king , Charles the Simple , he was confirmed in his offices and possessions , after which he continued to defend northern Francia from the attacks of the Norsemen .
He illustrated many books penned by Theodor Seuss Geisel ( Dr. Seuss ) under the pen name Theo . LeSieg ( '' Geisel '' spelled backwards ) .
Generations puzzle game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS .
Billericay is within the London Basin and lies on a mixture of London Clay , Claygate Beds and Bagshot Beds .
He was later elected to the local council , where he became the mayor of the City of St Kilda .
It is played outdoors on a field , 100 m long and 70 m wide .
They currently hold a very close friendship with the members of Daft Punk .
In music
Municipalities in Ashe County include Jefferson , Lansing and West Jefferson .
The extent of HIV progression is typically determined by measuring the percentage of CD4 + T cells in the patient 's blood .
Firstly , its density , which is known with confidence from its satellite 's orbit , is far too low to agree with any plausible metallic substance , even a rubble pile .
Used to treat bipolar disorder , mood stabilizers suppress swings between mania and depression .
Marie was born to King Stephen of England and his wife Matilda I , Countess of Boulogne .
Spider Riders broadcasts on Teletoon , This TV , and Kids ' WB !
Although these proofs demonstrate that 0.999 ... = 1 , the extent to which they explain the equation depends on the audience .
Knierim is a city in Calhoun County , Iowa , United States .
In other mollusks , it is used as a kind of '' foot '' for locomotion .
In 1941 , during the Second World War , Hopkin was working as a civil servant at the Ministry of Health when selected by Winston Churchill to be part of the government 's statistical team .
He first turns M into an integer corresponding to : This can be done quickly using the method of exponentiation by squaring .
In 1761 , when Pitt resigned upon the question of the war with Spain , and subsequently functioned as Leader of the House of Commons in the administration of Lord Bute .
Includes a graphical way to run executable files and scripts with App runner
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
Silt and clay contribute to turbidity in water .
She coached many young women in the art of acting , including actress and courtesan Liane de Pougy .
Cahagnolles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The International Hockey Federation ( FIH ) is the global governing body .
The winner of the Royal Rumble , Benoit , made his way to the ring , and stated that he would be challenging the World Heavyweight Champion at WrestleMania XX .
Mrs. Strasberg successfully sued Los Angeles-based Odyssey Auctions in 1994 to prevent the sale of items consigned by the nephew of Monroe 's business manager , Inez Melson .
In February 1979 , he returned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and became its First Permanent Secretary until February 1982 when he left to become the Executive Chairman of the Straits Times Press (/O1975/O) Ltd , the Singapore newspaper company .
In the spring of 1903 , Carter met Gertrude Codman Parker ( born 6 February 1875 ) when she was traveling in the Bahamas with her parents .
Orofino is home to both the Idaho Correctional Institution - Orofino and Idaho State Hospital North . These two facilities are located adjacent to another Orofino institution : Orofino High School .
George A. Kennedy , Aristotle , On Rhetoric : A Theory of Civic Discourse ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1991 ) .
Cumhuriyet ( ) is a centre-left Turkish daily newspaper , founded on May 7 , 1924 by journalist Yunus Nadi Abal o lu .
Dewey County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Anna Eleanor Roosevelt ( ; October 11 , 1884 - November 7 , 1962 ) was the First Lady of the United States from 1933 to 1945 .
The principals , Alfred Walter Maley and Edmund MacKenzie Taunton ( b 1884 ) held patents for Tram and tramway machinery and equipment .
The population was 588 at the 2000 census .
Lord Menuhin died in Berlin , Germany following a brief illness , from complications of bronchitis .
It is the 5th largest municipality in British Columbia , home to 123,864 people (/O2006/O) .
In mathematics , modular arithmetic ( sometimes called clock arithmetic ) is a system of arithmetic for integers , where numbers '' wrap around '' after they reach a certain value -- the modulus .
Peanuts are known by many other local names , like earthnuts , ground nuts , goober peas , monkey nuts , pygmy nuts and pig nuts .
In another type of cell division present only in eukaryotes , called meiosis , a cell is permanently transformed into a gamete and can not divide again until fertilization .
Repo Man is a 1984 cult film directed by Alex Cox .
Their land area is little more than .
It is the thirteenth book in the Redwall series to be published .
This film was a modest hit at the box office , grossing over $ 38 million in the United States and over $ 75 million worldwide , and earned several awards and nominations .
At birth , she was given the honorary style Mademoiselle de Chartres , taken from the name of one of her father 's appanages .
John Winter ( September 8 , 1967 - April 5 , 2007 ) was a meteorologist for NBC affiliate WFLA-TV in Tampa , Florida .
Gyoda City Provincial Museum
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Consadole Sapporo .
Amnesty International 1996 Economic crisis and Suharto 's resignation In 1997 and 1998 , Indonesia was the country hardest hit by the East Asian Financial Crisis , which had dire consequences for the Indonesian economy and society , and Suharto 's presidency .
A webcam set up by Wolfgang Staehle at an art exhibit in Brooklyn to take images of Lower Manhattan every four seconds also captured images of Flight 11 crashing into the North Tower .
All demographics and other statistics : Italian statistical institute Istat .
Lying on the River Severn , it is a civil parish home to 70,689 inhabitants , and is the primary settlement and headquarters of Shropshire Council .
Saint-Sulpice-de-Pommiers is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
All Angara versions will be marketed for commercial launches , with the price for an Angara 1.1 launch estimated to be about $ 20 million .
Arms trafficking is most widespread in regions of political turmoil , but is not limited to such areas .
Analog signal processing is any signal processing conducted on analog signals by analog means .
Bouin-Plumoison is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Probability theory , Encyclopaedia Britannica The central objects of probability theory are random variables , stochastic processes , and events : mathematical abstractions of non-deterministic events or measured quantities that may either be single occurrences or evolve over time in an apparently random fashion .
Both practical and theoretical research continues , and many national government and military funding agencies support quantum computing research to develop quantum computers for both civilian and national security purposes , such as cryptanalysis .
-- Ta quan me tushas retroiras a la tero deube lu venis .
Bayard Rustin , a civil rights veteran and organizer of the 1947 Journey of Reconciliation , the first of the Freedom Rides to test the Supreme Court ruling that banned racial discrimination in interstate travel , administered the details of the march .
Haute-Marne is a department in the northeast of France named after the Marne River .
Damiano Zenoni ( born 23 April 1977 in Trescore Balneario ) is an Italian footballer .
McComb is a city in Pike County , Mississippi , United States , about 80 miles south of Jackson , just off the I-55 .
As one of the few access points to the ocean along this stretch of coast , Oregon Inlet is a major departure point for charter fishing trips , with a nearby harbor serving as the base for many large boats that travel miles out towards the Gulf Stream almost every day .
The Parliament of Scotland , officially the Estates of Parliament , was the legislature of the Kingdom of Scotland .
A secondary source contrasts with a primary source , which is an original source of the information being discussed .
Retrieved on July 1 , 2009 ) is an American pop music singer , songwriter , dancer , and actress better known by her stage name , Vitamin C/ORGANIZATION. Her singles include '' Graduation ( Friends Forever ) '' , '' As Long As You 're Loving Me '' , '' The Itch '' , and her most successful hit the Top 20 Gold certified '' Smile '' .
Nicholas of Cusa , German philosopher , mathematician and astronomer ( d. 1464 )
His large wall works in fresco helped establish the Mexican Mural Renaissance .
Sunrise won an Academy Award for Unique and Artistic Production at the first ever Oscar ceremony in 1929 .
The agency 's mission is '' to understand and predict changes in the Earth 's environment and conserve and manage coastal and marine resources to meet our nation 's economic , social , and environmental needs . ''
The 2005 total allowable catch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands management area ( BSAI ) was reached before the end of May of that year .
Dead zones exist off the East Coast of the United States in the Chesapeake Bay , in the Scandinavian strait Kattegat , the Black Sea ( which may have been anoxic in its deepest levels for millennia , however ) , in the northern Adriatic as well as a dead zone off the coast of Louisiana .
Commercially , it is hoped that the Gwadar Port would generate billions of dollars in revenues and create at least two million jobs .
British India , 1800s to 1900History of Peshawar ( Tareekh i Peshawar 1900-1930 ) , Published Peshawar 1920of the Khattaks and Yusafzai .
Journey to the West has been enjoyed by many generations of Chinese and is one of the most popular Chinese classic folk novels .
After automobiles replaced horses , his father became a groundskeeper and handyman for several families in the area .
It is the joint highest award for bravery in the United Kingdom with the George Cross , which is the equivalent honour for valour not in the face of the enemy .
Aquaman is a comic book superhero who appears in DC Comics .
For the DC Comics fictional island formerly known as Paradise Island , see Themyscira Paradise Island is an island in the Bahamas , located just off the shore of the city of Nassau , which is itself located on the northern edge of the island of New Providence .
Only dough of corn meal went into the flesh of our first fathers , the four men , who were created .
He found the job boring and resigned to join Chittagong University as head of the Economics department .
Giorgio Ferrini ( 18 August 1939 -- 8 November 1976 ) was an Italian footballer .
A coffin is a funerary box used in the display and containment of dead people - either for burial or cremation .
The first generation is created by applying the above rules simultaneously to every cell in the seed -- births and deaths occur simultaneously , and the discrete moment at which this happens is sometimes called a tick ( in other words , each generation is a pure function of the preceding one ) .
The following names were used for named storms in the North Atlantic in 2009 .
From 1972 until introduction of the Euro in 2008 , the currency was the Maltese Lira , which had replaced the Maltese pound .
In 1920 August Krogh was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of the mechanism of regulation of the capillaries in skeletal muscle .
It is surrounded by tall , arid mountains and deserts .
The county was formed in 1911 from parts of Caldwell County , Mitchell County , and Watauga County .
Children need more sleep per day than adults to develop and function properly : up to 18 hours for newborn babies , with a declining rate as a child ages .
Evgeni Vladimirovich Malkin ( , born July 31 , 1986 ) , also popularly known as Geno , is a Russian professional ice hockey center and alternate captain for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
During the Nuremberg Trials , Sigmund Mazur , a laboratory assistant at the Danzig Anatomical Institute , testified that soap had been made from corpse fat at the camp , and claimed that 70 to 80 kg of fat collected from 40 bodies could produce more than 25 kg of soap , and that the finished soap was retained by Professor Rudolf Spanner .
The idea of a worldwide party appeared as a work of fiction in Flight , A Quantum Fiction Novel , by American writer Vanna Bonta .
The Odyssey ( TV series ) , a 1992-1995 Canadian series
Seeking debt relief through the issuance of paper currency and lower taxes , they attempted to prevent the courts from seizing property from indebted farmers by forcing the closure of courts in western Massachusetts .
Research between the early 1800s and today suggests that many stars are part of either binary star systems or star systems with more than two stars , called multiple star systems .
Result JAC 1995 4 12 0 .250 5th in AFC Central - - - - JAC 1996 9 7 0 .563 2nd in AFC Central 2 1 .667 Lost to New England Patriots in AFC Championship Game .
San Marco in Florence holds several manuscripts that are thought to be entirely or partly by his hand .
Wilhelm Busch ( 15 April 1832 -- 9 January 1908 ) was an influential German caricaturist , painter , and poet who is famed for his satirical picture stories with rhymed texts .
Mulinu ` u , the old ceremonial capital , lies at the city 's western end , and is the location of the Parliament House ( Maota Fono ) and the historic observatory , which is now the meteorology office .
A departure from her previous work with Rodney Jerkins and his Darkchild camp , Brandy worked with Timbaland and his protégé Walter Millsap III on the majority of the production of the album , featuring additional credits by Warryn Campbell , Organized Noise , Ron Feemster , Big Chuck , and Kanye West .
The only Norse site yet discovered in North America is at L'Anse aux Meadows , Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada .
Other personnel varies from track to track .
J.M. Waterhouse : The Modern Pre-Raphaelite Gallery Guide .
The session also featured trumpeter Don Cherry , drummer Billy Higgins , bassist Don Payne and Walter Norris on piano .
The Polish Academy of Sciences functions as a learned society acting through an elected corporation of leading scholars and research institutions .
He later changed his name to '' Hawthorne '' , adding a '' w '' to dissociate from relatives including John Hathorne , a judge during the Salem Witch Trials .
Autumn marks the transition from summer into winter , usually in March ( Southern Hemisphere ) or September ( Northern Hemisphere ) when the arrival of night becomes noticeably earlier .
'' Didgeridoo '' is considered to be an onomatopoetic word of Western invention .
The first mention of the municipality was in 1048 with the name Pettinga , however it is possible that the settlement already existed at the time of the Roman empire .
You need some knowledge of how networks and IP address numbering work , and of binary arithmetic .
The mouthpiece can be constructed of beeswax , hardwood or simply sanded and sized by the craftsman .
In June 2007 , they announced that they would be holding a contest to determine who could make the best video for the song .
M. L. West writes that the story of Pandora and her jar is from a pre-Hesiodic myth , and that this explains the confusion and problems with Hesiod 's version and its inconclusiveness .
This has included criticism for including proprietary software , with GNU founder Richard Stallman commenting : '' No other GNU/Linux distribution has backslided so far away from freedom .
Mittelsachsen is a district ( Kreis ) in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Cotonou is the economic capital of Benin , as well as its largest city .
They combine elements of black metal , death metal , and folk metal with Finnish polka , called humppa .
In central Kentucky the storm produced mostly ice , with some locations including Frankfort , Lexington , and nearby Cynthiana in Harrison County receiving up to 3/4 '' ( 2 cm ) of ice .
Ratchet & Clank is a 3D platformer/shooter video game for the PlayStation 2 , developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony .
Bricostore is a French hypermarket chain offering home improvement and do-it-yourself goods .
Adventure Camp Midwest plus South minus Atlantic states , AL , WV
A team of police then set out after them , and they were captured on 29 September near the present-day site of the town of Westonia , about 300 kilometres north east of Perth .
Although their last common ancestor did not have wings , birds and bats do , and are capable of powered flight .
Person vs. Him or Herself can also be where a character tries to find out who he or she is or comes to a realization or a change in character .
Wear is the erosion of material from a solid surface by the action of another material .
The music video premiered on April 26 , 2007 at Thisisrihanna.com .
Allonnes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
However , the conditions for life appear to be less favourable on Callisto than on Europa .
Time Flies ... 1994 -- 2009 is a compilation album released by English rock band Oasis .
Cazaugitat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In the past , the Colonies had been at war with a cybernetic race known as the Cylons .
A woman who holds in her own right the title to such duchy or dukedom , or is the wife of a duke , is normally styled duchess . However , Queen Elizabeth II is known as Duke of Normandy in the Channel Islands and Duke of Lancaster in Lancashire .
McComb , Mississippi
Healey was one of three siblings .
It is estimated that at least 100 people lost their lives , mostly due to mudslides , including five persons in Havana .
In 539 BC , the Neo-Babylonian Empire fell to Cyrus the Great , king of Persia , with an unprecedented military engagement known as the Battle of Opis .
Named after the 16th-century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria , the ship had a gross register tonnage of 29,100 and a capacity of about 1,200 passengers and 500 crew .
There are different standards for different dairy products , depending on the fat content and the intended usage .
In addition '' County Tipperary '' is actually two administrative counties , called North Tipperary and South Tipperary while the major urban centres Cork , Galway , Limerick , and Waterford have been separated from the town and rural areas of their counties .
Massugas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is able to synchronize with Bloglines and NewsGator Online .
It has distinctive black bars on its forelegs and a black-tipped , stubby tail , from which it derives its name .
Diminutive Woodrat , Nelsonia neotomodon
In the weeks before the 2001 Daytona 500 , Earnhardt elected not to attend the annual fan and media preview event , drawing vocal criticism from fellow driver Jimmy Spencer . On February 3 and 4 , 2001 , the first time in his career , Earnhardt participated in the Rolex 24 endurance race at Daytona , the event which kicks off Speedweeks at the track .
Parker was born in 1893 -- a year of economic depression , on a farm in Shelby County , Indiana , near Bengal in Hendricks township and raised eating a typical farm diet of meat and starch .
It was published in the journal Science under the title '' On being sane in insane places . ''
Saint-Quentin-de-Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1929 , the municipalities of Carrara , Massa and Montignoso were merged in a single municipality , called Apuania .
The garden dormouse can be recognized by black eye markings , relatively large ears , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail .
The Utman Khel or Utmankhel ( ) are a Pashtun tribe who occupy the hills to the north of Peshawar in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Pakistani region where the brutal Taleban have taken control However with the rise of Taliban in Pakistan the tourist industry has suffered from clashes between the Taliban and the government .
Fay formed from a vigorous tropical wave on August 15 over the Dominican Republic .
Mostly , they have chosen to rent apartments or hotel suites in Bern ( at their own expense ) , However , they are entitled to use the Federal Council 's country estate , Lohn , for holidays ; this estate is also used to host official guests of the Swiss Confederation .
Saint-Bandry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Field hockey is a team sport in which a team of players attempt to score goals by hitting , pushing or flicking the ball with hockey sticks into the opposing team 's goal .
Max Weber ( August 27 , 1824 -- June 15 , 1901 ) was a military officer in the armies of Germany and later the United States , most known for serving as a brigadier general in the Union army during the American Civil War .
The title '' La traviata '' means literally The Woman Gone Astray , or perhaps more figuratively , The Fallen Woman .
Cape Coral is a city in Lee County , Florida , United States .
Empiricism is one of several competing views about how we know '' things , '' part of the branch of philosophy called epistemology , or '' the Theory of Knowledge '' .
He was under pressure of imminent revolution in Berlin , Munich , and elsewhere across Germany .
Prepared horseradish is white to creamy-beige in color .
For Gandhi , satyagraha went far beyond mere '' passive resistance '' and became strength in practising non-violent methods .
However , since the 1980s , the state government has realised that tourism is a lucrative industry , and more money is being poured into the construction of tourist resorts , and restoring colonial buildings in major cities .
A reaction video starring a Kermit the Frog puppet proved very popular on the community-based popularity website Digg .
The Malakand Pass is a mountain pass in Malakand District , North-West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
Parliament Hill , colloquially known as The Hill , is an area of Crown land on the southern banks of the Ottawa River in downtown Ottawa , Ontario .
Pali : buddhatta .
The film also refers to the land rights movement of the Australian Aborigines , with Darryl Kerrigan drawing an explicit parallel between his struggle and theirs .
Like all of Genghis ' primary sons , he participated extensively in conquests in China , Iran and Central Asia .
Theory In physics , the word '' monochromatic '' is used more generally to refer to electromagnetic radiation of a single wavelength .
In some countries , stations may also have a bar or pub .
Arriving in Etruria in the spring of 217 BC , Hannibal decided to lure the main Roman army , under Flaminius , into a pitched battle , by devastating under his very own eye the area Flaminius had been sent to protect .
Dirt and sweat from a person 's neck and wrists would stick to the starch rather than to the fibers of the clothing , and would easily wash away along with the starch .
The video for '' Crushcrushcrush '' featured the band playing a performance in a barren desert , being spied upon , and later destroying their equipment .
Jinn Sh t ki , p. 89 ; Titsingh , Isaac .
Atticus Finch is a fictional character in Harper Lee 's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel To Kill a Mockingbird .
A true endoskeleton is derived from mesodermal tissue .
Large vats of seawater , were heated using coal .
Television cameras made their debut at Portman Road in 1962 as Anglia Television arrived for Match of the Week ; Note that the reference says Match of the Week started in 1963 ; however according to Soccerbase , Ipswich 's 3 -- 2 loss to Wolves actually occurred in 1962 .
Stretches of Chang Jiang have local names such as the Chuanjiang ( , for the Sichuan portion of the river from Yibin to Yichang ) , Jingjiang ( , for the Jingzhou section of the river ) and Yangzi Jiang ( near Yangzhou ) .
'' Give It All '' is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against , the song is released as the first single from their third album , Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
Formal languages are often used as the basis for richer constructs endowed with semantics .
BMK Carpets The carpets manufactured in Kilmarnock were internationally known for their quality and intricacy since the late 1800s .
It includes autocomplete functionality , but only will autocomplete URLs that were manually entered ( rather than all links ) , search suggestions , top pages ( previously visited ) , popular pages ( unvisited , and powered Google Suggest ) , and text search over history .
According to the 2006 census , Tamaulipas has a population of 3,024,238 .
A North American version of Disgaea for the PlayStation Portable was released on October 30 , 2007 dubbed Disgaea : Afternoon of Darkness .
Once a page has been output the page state is discarded to ready it for the next page .
She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2007 and with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau in 2005 .
If a contestant does not make a move in the chessround , he will be issued a warning by the referee and he must then make a move within the next 10 seconds .
George III ( r.1760-1820 ) In 1801 , the British and Irish kingdoms merged , forming the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Viljandi ( ) is a town and municipality in southern Estonia .
During crucifixion ( which is what it is called when people are killed on a cross , people have both hands and both feet nailed to the cross .
The River Thames flowing through London is a classic river estuary .
Concord music group : Sarah Vaughan .
Fischer has won five prizes for her violin playing and three prizes for her piano playing a.o. at Jugend musiziert .
Santa Fe has about 369,000 inhabitants as per the .
It is also the earliest chronological installment in the Redwall series .
External links Official article by Ady Hershcovitch - Inventor of the Plasma Window .
Before the Bill was passed , however , one final change was made by the imperial government , upon lobbying by the Chief Justices of the colonies , so that the right to appeal from the High Court to the Privy Council on constitutional matters concerning the limits of the powers of the Commonwealth or States could not be curtailed by parliament .
Geneseo is a city in Henry County , Illinois , United States .
- Esas chagreneto inter floro e me - dicis la princeto .
The first was in 1970 , commemorating James Cook 's exploration along the east coast of the Australian continent , followed in 1977 by a coin for Queen Elizabeth II 's Silver Jubilee , the wedding of Charles , Prince of Wales and Lady Diana Spencer in 1981 , the Brisbane Commonwealth Games in 1982 , and the Australian Bicentenary in 1988 .
The following year , in 1992 , he won a Tony Award for his stage performance in the August Wilson play , Two Trains Running and an Emmy Award for his performance in the opening episode , '' The Box , '' of the short-lived anthology series television drama TriBeCa .
A microkernel is a logical step up from a real-time OS .
Population density is population divided by total land area .
Pearson 's Correlation Coefficient - How to calculate it quickly
Arab-plan or hypostyle mosques are the earliest type of mosques , pioneered under the Umayyad Dynasty .
Mesnil-Saint-Laurent is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Ivergny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Similar to the 1980s professional wrestling boom , the Attitude Era was a surge in the popularity of professional wrestling in the United States from the late 1990s to early 2000s , as television ratings and pay-per-view buy-rates hit record highs .
Many German musicians associated with the opera went into exile , including the conductors Kurt Adler , Otto Klemperer and Fritz Busch .
However , the towers are still the tallest twin buildings in the world .
The text '' Noli Me Tangere '' , ( '' Touch Me Not '' in Latin ) , was placed below the cotton plant .
He was born at Madrid .
These were to be written with both letters capitalized .
Males typically weigh , while females weigh about .
Initially maintaining hurricane-force winds , the extratropical remnant passed near Cape Race before turning to the east-northeast , and on September 14 the winds weakened to gale force .
The album was certified gold by the RIAA on January 19 , 2010 for shipments in excess of 500,000 albums .
Some of the north-central dialects have a weak stress on the first syllable , which becomes stronger and '' moves '' to the penultimate in certain cases .
Since its inception in 2005 , the event has been held in one country : the United States .
It was rated the 150th best game made on a Nintendo System in Nintendo Power 's Top 200 Games list .
Tenay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The flag represents the transgender community and consists of five horizontal stripes : two light blue , two pink , and one white in the center .
Do not make an unblock request that includes a request for checkuser to '' prove your innocence '' ... as indicated at Sockpuppet investigations those are so rarely done that you 're better off not asking ( besides , it is difficult to use it to prove that two editors are different people ) .
WrestleMania 's annual fan convention , WrestleMania Axxess , will be held from March 25 through to March 27 .
Guity Novin ( born Guity Navran , 1944 ) is an Iranian-Canadian figurative painter , and graphic designer residing in Canada .
Kapelle derives from the Latin word capella .
In 1900 , Skagway was incorporated as the first city in the Alaska Territory .
Hurricane Eugene was the first July hurricane to make landfall on the Pacific coast of Mexico since the 1954 season .
The first season introduces the six main characters : Rachel , Monica , Phoebe , Joey , Chandler , and Ross .
The amount of momentum that an object has depends on two physical quantities : the mass and the velocity of the moving object in the frame of reference .
Endogenic or endogenous ( also known as endogenetic ) means '' derived or originating internally '' , while exogenic or exogenous ( also known as exogenetic means '' derived or originating externally '' .
The punishment is first recorded during the reign of King Henry III , but became more frequently used under his successor , Edward I/PERSON. The convicted were drawn by horse on a wooden hurdle to the place of execution , and once there were ritually hanged , emasculated , disembowelled , beheaded and quartered ( chopped into four pieces ) .
Eugenics has , from the very beginning , meant many different things to many different people .
She attends to the bride on the day of a wedding or marriage ceremony .
This theatre encompassed the largest territory of all the theatres of the war .
After his elder brother Emperor Ank was murdered , he won the struggle against his other brothers and became the new emperor .
Most of the county 's population is concentrated in a central north -- south band which includes the four largest towns ( corresponding to districts 2 , 4 , 5 & 6 on the map ) .
Lloyds TSB Bank Plc is a retail bank in the United Kingdom .
Released on October 31 , 2000 , it is the first half of the Bizzar Bizaar double album , released the same day as its companion album , Bizaar .
As of 2000 , the population was 77,415 .
Tierceville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The last tram to pass through the central archway did so on 4 June 1938 , by which time part of Southampton ancient walls had been demolished so that the Bargate was passable on both sides .
At the age of thirty , Hooker was elected a fellow of the Royal Society , and in 1873 he was chosen its President ( till 1877 ) .
With a maximum length of 11.5 c , the smallest moray is likely the Snyder 's moray ( Anarchias leucurus ) , while the longest species , the slender giant moray ( Strophidon sathete ) reaches up to 4 m/O. The largest in terms of total mass is the giant moray ( Gymnothorax javanicus ) , which reaches almost 3 m and can weigh over 36 k.
The single version of the song featuring Beyoncé debuted on US radio on September 26 , 2007 and a physical CD and digital download were both released on November 13 , 2007 .
Deutsche Bank AG ( literally '' German Bank '' ; ; , ) is an international universal bank with its headquarters in Frankfurt , Germany .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country is the sixth feature film in the Star Trek science fiction franchise and is the last of the Star Trek films to include the entire main cast of the 1960s Star Trek television series .
In many of his poems , she is depicted as semi-divine , watching over him constantly .
The term can also refer to the building where the specimens are stored , or the scientific institute that not only stores but researches these specimens .
Habitat Poison dart frogs are endemic to humid , tropical environments of Central and Latin America ( South America ) .
It was founded by Benedict of Auxerre in 1069 and subsequently built by the de Lacy family .
No literature of pre-Roman Britain has survived , so its history , culture and way of life are known mainly through archaeological finds .
Black often gains counterattacking possibilities on the queenside while White tends to concentrate on the kingside .
The sport was started when Dutch artist Iepe Rubingh , inspired by fictional descriptions of the sport in the writing of Enki Bilal , organized actual matches .
... Living only for the moment , turning our full attention to the pleasures of the moon , the snow , the cherry blossoms and the maple leaves ; singing songs , drinking wine , diverting ourselves in just floating , floating ; ... refusing to be disheartened , like a gourd floating along with the river current : this is what we call the floating world ... Lane , Richard .
See also Blantyre Coma Scale Rancho Los Amigos Scale Paediatric Glasgow Coma Scale Revised Trauma Score References Teasdale G , Jennett B. Assessment of coma and impaired consciousness .
Allspice , also called Jamaica pepper , kurundu , myrtle pepper , pimenta , or newspice , is a spice that is the dried unripe fruit ( '' berries '' ) of Pimenta dioica , a mid-canopy tree native to the Greater Antilles , southern Mexico and Central America , now cultivated in many warm parts of the world .
The mainland of the country is the eastern half of New Guinea island , where the largest towns are also located , including the capital Port Moresby and Lae ; other major islands within Papua New Guinea include New Ireland , New Britain , Manus and Bougainville .
G.P. Ferguson , a neighbor of the Plott family in North Carolina in those days , was a major influence on the Plott breed . He made a careful study of the Blevins hounds and the Cable hounds of that era .
Polydor is a record label owned by Universal Music Group and is currently headquartered in the UK .
José Carlos Bauer , commonly known as Bauer ( November 21 , 1925 & ndash ; February 4 , 2007 ) was a former Brazilian football player and manager .
In 1954 , Karajan was elected music director of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra and subsequently curtailed his work with the Philharmonia .
Sinhala is the official and national language of Sri Lanka .
Salhad is one of the 51 union councils ( sub-divisions ) of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Before her official debut , it was already known that her first song was a duet with popular TVXQ member Xiah , which generated even more interest in her .
The Toronto subway and RT system is a rapid transit railway network in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , operated by the Toronto Transit Commission ( TTC ) .
Spherical lensed eye The resolution of pit eyes can be greatly improved by incorporating a material with a higher refractive index to form a lens , which may greatly reduce the blur radius encountered -- hence increasing the resolution obtainable .
This does not conflict with either of the above theories however since both increased warfare and internal unrest can also be effects of a general period of drought and famine .
Though the prokaryotic Cyanobacteria ( commonly referred to as blue-green algae ) were traditionally included as '' algae '' in older textbooks , many modern sources regard this as outdated as they are now considered to be closely related to bacteria .
Under the slogan '' As much government as necessary , as little government as possible , '' the FDP tries to limit the state involvement in the life of the individual as far as possible .
The Diocese of Exeter is a Church of England diocese covering the county of Devon .
Gravette is a city in Benton County , Arkansas , United States .
Undiluted , natron was a cleanser for the teeth and an early mouthwash .
'' Karmacoma '' is a single by British trip-hop collective Massive Attack , released as a single from their second album Protection in March 1995 .
Rathdrum is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
Additional reports of the bird were made in Okeechobee County , Florida until the late 1920s , but these are not supported by specimens .
The Works is a 1984 rock album by English band Queen .
The Parliament , informally referred to as '' Holyrood '' , is a democratically elected body comprising 129 members known as Members of the Scottish Parliament ( MSPs ) .
Wyoming ( ) is a state in the Western United States .
Abbeville is a city in Henry County , Alabama , United States .
In the early days of the colony of New South Wales , the southern part of the Lachlan was known as Fish River .
Because it is formed at mid-ocean ridges and spreads outwards , its thickness is therefore a function of its distance from the mid-ocean ridge where it was formed .
Letterkenny ( from the ) , with a population of 17,568 , is the largest town in County Donegal , part of the Province of Ulster in Ireland .
Malta is an island in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea .
The Territorial Collectivity of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon is a group of small French islands in the North Atlantic Ocean , the main islands being Saint-Pierre and Miquelon , south of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Kath is used as a stimulant in Yemen , Ethiopia and Somalia , the effects are comparable to those of drinking tea or coffee .
I prefer sticks , trowels , knives and dripping fluid paint or a heavy impasto with sand , broken glass or other foreign matter added .
Szczecin tramway network consists of eleven day lines and seasonal tourist line '' 0 '' which is operated using historical vehicles .
Stratford is in London Travelcard Zone 3 , and Network Rail owns the station .
She rose to prominence in the late 1960s as the lead singer of Big Brother and the Holding Company and later as a solo artist .
Below is a list of known South Atlantic tropical cyclones .
Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas , Nevada formed in 2004 .
Broda was born in Brandon , Manitoba to a family of Ukrainian descent and joined the Maple Leafs in 1936 .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
Ronald McDonald is a clown character used as the primary mascot of the McDonald 's fast-food restaurant chain .
Although the term monachos ( '' monk '' ) is of Christian origin , in the English language it tends to be used analogously or loosely also for both male and female ascetics from other religious or philosophical backgrounds .
Hudson was voted '' Star of the Year '' , '' Favorite Leading Man '' , and similar titles by numerous movie magazines . The tall actor was one of the most popular and well-known movie stars of the time .
After two demos the band received a contract with AFM Records in 1995 .
While historians concur that the result was not manipulated , the voting process was neither free nor secret .
However , it is brighter than another moon , Perdita , which was discovered from Voyager 's photos in 1997 .
Young was promoted Inspector in June 1937 and appointed to Portsmouth 's Southern Division .
'' Listen '' is a 2006 R&B , soul song recorded by American singer Beyoncé .
At this time , Kyneton was a growing rural center , and served as a major stop for those heading to the gold rushes at Mount Alexander and Bendigo .
In the circulatory system , veins ( from the Latin vena ) are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart .
Suger ( c. 1081 - 13 January 1151 ) was one of the last Frankish abbot-statesmen , a historian , and the influential first patron of Gothic architecture .
Forty three million people live in Spain .
It was common for European monarchs and nobility to be wed by proxy marriage .
Orchestral overdubs were added 15 August , and the closing piano and accompanying vocal on 18 August .
However , the word taupe may often be used to refer to lighter shades of taupe today , and therefore another name for this color is dark taupe .
During the late 19th century , Gaelic games in Ireland were dying out .
The music video depicts the story of a '' pornomime '' and a girl who falls in love after she watches one of his performances .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Yokohama FC .
Weston-on-Trent is a village and civil parish in the South Derbyshire district of Derbyshire .
Alanya ( pronounced ) , formerly Alaiye , is a seaside resort city and a component district of Antalya Province in the Mediterranean Region of Turkey , from the city of Antalya .
Via Maris , literally Latin for '' the way of the sea , '' Orlinsky 1981 : 1064 was an ancient highway used by the Romans and the Crusaders .
Kargil ( ; ) is a district of Ladakh , Kashmir , India .
Yet at the same time , a new class of scholarship arose , one which , while never questioning the literal truth of the Ark story , began to speculate on the practical workings of Noah 's vessel from within a purely naturalistic framework .
After the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991 , the name of Macedonia became the object of a dispute between Greece and the newly independent Republic of Macedonia .
Ciara Princess Harris ( born October 25 , 1985 ) , who performs under the mononym Ciara , is an American recording artist , dancer , actress , and fashion model .
In theory recent findings in Atapuerca ( Spain ) also suggest that H. heidelbergensis may have been the first species of the Homo genus to bury their dead , even offering gifts .
Voigt hoboed from place to place until he went to live with his sister in Rixdorf near Berlin .
Creed released two studio albums , My Own Prison in 1997 and Human Clay in 1999 , before Marshall left the band in 2000 to be replaced by touring bassist Brett Hestla .
He has been nicknamed The Mexicutioner , although in February 2011 , he stated that he no longer wanted to be associated with that nickname due to violence in his home country .
Ilta-Sanomat ( Finnish for the evening news ) is one of Finland 's two prominent tabloid size evening dailys and the second largest newspaper in the country .
Henley made her debut as Lucy Pevensie in 2005 film The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , based on the C.S. Lewis novel The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe .
A haiku traditionally contains a kigo , a defined word or phrase which symbolizes or implies the season alluded to in the poem .
On May 15 , 2006 , also Pope Benedict XVI sent a letter to Father Peter Hans Kolvenbach , the Superior General of the Society of Jesus , on the 50th Anniversary of the encyclical Haurietis Aquas , about the Sacred Heart , by Pope Pius XII .
Henry George Liddell , Robert Scott , A Greek-English Lexicon , on Perseus project ) is a person who practices religious asceticism , living either alone or with any number of monks , whilst always maintaining some degree of physical separation from those not sharing the same purpose .
Andaz Apna Apna is a 1994 Hindi film co-written and directed by Rajkumar Santoshi , starring Aamir Khan , Salman Khan , Karisma Kapoor , Raveena Tandon , Paresh Rawal and Shakti Kapoor in the lead roles .
Essen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Frederick John Inman ( 28 June 1935 -- 8 March 2007 ) was an English actor who was best known for his role as Mr. Humphries in Are You Being Served ?
Berg quotes this chorale directly in the last movement of the piece , where the harmonisation by Johann Sebastian Bach is heard in the clarinets .
Chacarita still sports red and black uniforms , a reference to its anarchist origins .
After Guerrero turned on Santo and allied with Art Barr as La Pareja del Terror ( The Pair of Terror ) , the duo became arguably the most hated tag team in lucha libre history .
After an ecological disaster leads to two longstanding enemies -- the Federation and the Klingon Empire -- brokering a tenuous truce , the crew of the USS Enterprise-A must prevent war from breaking out on the eve of universal peace .
The absorption of nutrients into the body after digestion in the intestine and its transformation in biological tissues and fluids .
The cemetery maintained its own office until 1965 , when it combined operations with Queen of Heaven Cemetery .
It is also a style of thong swimsuit whose rear area can become so narrow that it would disappear between the wearer 's buttocks .
Omissy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Russians identified Anastasia by using a computer program to compare photos of the youngest grand duchess with the skulls of the victims from the mass grave .
Initially , between 1879 -- 1883 , they performed embryological studies , especially on the theory of the coelom (/O1881/O) , the fluid-filled body cavity .
I did n't understand it , because I was a Negro , and I liked Negroes very much . ''
Similarly , eusociality has arisen among some crustaceans and other arthropods .
He is currently a professor of anthropology at Stony Brook , where he is Chair of the Turkana Basin Institute .
In October 1989 , he was released after 26 years in prison , and in July 1991 was elected ANC deputy president at the ANC 's first national conference after its unbanning the year before .
band formed in South Shields in 1977 .
In 1909 , Jewish pioneers established the first cooperative farming village ( kibbutz ) , Kvutzat Kinneret . The settlement trained Jewish immigrants in farming and agriculture .
From Ottawa , it was carried by hand to Montreal .
Ethelbert Woodbridge Nevin ( November 25 , 1862 - February 17 , 1901 ) was an American pianist and composer .
Henry 's mother was Blanche , heiress to the considerable Lancaster estates .
Cumulonimbus clouds sometimes form mammatus clouds .
The hand is over when one player has discarded all of their cards . After a player plays all their cards , the other players count the number of points pertaining to the values of the cards in their hands .
Moringuidae ( worm eels )
The University of Burundi is located in Bujumbura .
He settled on the island of Ischia in Italy in 1949 with his Argentinian wife Susana Gil , and it was at his home there that he died on 8 March 1983 .
It is also referred to as Indiana , or simply IU , and is located in Bloomington , Indiana , United States .
Another doctrine effect can be seen in Utah 's high birth rate ( 25 percent higher than the national average ; the highest for a state in the U.S. ) .
November 18 & ndash ; Constance of Portugal , Portuguese infanta ( b. 1290 )
These plants have a combined capacity of 354 MW making them the largest solar power installation in the world .
The military of ancient Rome encompasses the combined military forces of Rome from the founding of the city of Rome in the 8th century BC to the fall of the Western Roman Empire .
Parnell is a city in Iowa County , Iowa , United States .
Derived from a vulgar Latin word for the vulva ( cunnus ) and the Latin word for tongue ( lingua ) .
The oil that is pumped from the ground is then shipped via oil tanker to an oil refinery .
The plant then flowers , producing fruits and seeds before it finally dies .
The Bengal Army , Madras Army , and Bombay Army were quite distinct , each with its own Regiments and cadre of European officers .
Terminator 2 : Judgment Day , commonly abbreviated T2 , is a 1991 science fiction action film directed , co-written , and co-produced by James Cameron and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger , Linda Hamilton , Edward Furlong , and Robert Patrick .
Italian : Il Pianeta dell ` esilio
Bloc Party is an EP compilation of Bloc Party 's first two UK-only singles : '' She 's Hearing Voices '' and '' Banquet/Staying Fat '' .
The story of d'Artagnan is continued in Twenty Years After and The Vicomte of Bragelonne : Ten Years Later .
Geological remains from the distant past can , and should , be explained by reference to geological processes now in operation and thus directly observable .
King gave his famous I Have a Dream speech , which was carried live by TV stations .
It is a river used by kayaking enthusiasts with many level 2 and level 3 rapids .
Windows Me was designed for home use , while Windows 2000 was designed for business .
The school has around 750 pupils ; around a quarter are boarders , most of whom go home at weekends , after Saturday morning school .
It has an area of 1,218 km , and a total population of 326,444 (/O2001/O) .
For example , if a piece in E major were to modulate up a fifth to B major , which is adjacent on the circle and not traversing its bottom , the notation is clear and unambiguous ; an extra sharp is added : the four become five .
Ceremonially , when the Nile started its annual flood , the Festival of Anuket began .
Whedon , Firefly Companion , Vol 1 , 130 Music Greg Edmonson composed the musical score for the series .
He is presently the only Conservative MP representing a Scottish constituency .
He left masterpieces of poetic short stories such as '' The Lemon '' , '' Winter Days '' , and '' Under the Cherry Trees '' .
Canton is the largest city in Fulton County , Illinois in the United States .
The Second Amendment ( Amendment II ) to the United States Constitution is the part of the United States Bill of Rights that protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms . It was adopted on December 15 , 1791 , along with the rest of the Bill of Rights .
Knol employs '' nofollow '' outgoing links , using an HTML directive to prevent links in its articles from influencing search engine rankings .
Exploration When only 17 years of age , Hume began exploring the country beyond Sydney with his younger brother John and an Aboriginal boy as far to the south-west as Berrima , and soon developed into a good bushman .
On 11 November 2007 CrossCountry obtained the Cross Country Route rail franchise ; the trains were shared in a common pool between the two companies until December 2007 , when 221 114 to 221 141 were transferred to CrossCountry with the remainder ( 221 101 to 221 113 , 221 142 to 221 144 ) staying with Virgin Trains on Virgin West Coast .
He won the 1948 tournament convincingly , with a score of 14\/20 , three points clear , becoming the sixth World Champion .
A rare condition known as genetic beriberi is passed down through families .
Singaporean English is based on British English , and forms of English spoken in Singapore range from Standard English to a pidgin known as Singlish .
He is an agile striker who currently plays for J. League side Kashima Antlers .
En route to Heathrow Airport to start her new job as a stewardess with Air Australia , her aunt Vanessa 's vehicle ( in which she is riding ) suffers a flat tire .
Ajac is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
The district of Jaffarabad is administratively subdivided into the following tehsils : Tehsils & Unions in the District of Jaffarabad - Government of Pakistan
The text was to read '' In memory of Jan Ligthart '' but his widow Marie Lion Cachet objected to this because she knew that her husband had not actually written the stories , although he had given his friend Scheepstra continuous advice .
The company was also the first in the industry to develop a gas-fired generator to produce electricity for cathodic protection to fight corrosion on pipelines .
Before going into management , Busby was a player for two of Manchester United 's greatest rivals , Manchester City and Liverpool .
Gloucester lies close to the Welsh border , and on the River Severn , approximately north-east of Bristol , and south-southwest of Birmingham .
In the early 1990s , Langston decided to retire from show business to concentrate on raising his daughter as a single father .
As humans developed tools for hunting and eventually agriculture , their skill and technology enabled them to craft more complex instruments .
The naming is not rigidly standardized .
Jeter played his way to a successful rookie season , hitting for a .314 batting average , 10 home runs , 104 runs and 78 runs batted in and subsequently earning Rookie of the Year honors .
Ulong 's vote was originally a tie ( first time since ) as Angie and Stephenie voted against Bobby Jon , Bobby Jon and James voted against Angie , while Ibrehem 's vote was against James , causing a revote .
By the age of four , he was able to play 40 pieces on the piano ; his mother began formally teaching him the next year .
Edge , who was number one contender for the title , informed Van Dam that they both had a lot in common , referring to them being both Money in the Bank winners and successfully becoming WWE Champions .
It received its premiere at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus on 17 August 1876 , as part of the first complete performance of the Ring .
Configuration data can be stored on floppy disk or USB sticks .
Four non-parties to the treaty are known or believed to possess nuclear weapons : India , Pakistan and North Korea have openly tested and declared that they possess nuclear weapons , while Israel has had a policy of opacity regarding its own nuclear weapons program .
He studied keyboard instruments at the Royal College of Music in London from 1938 to 1939 , and also studied mathematics at University College , Exeter ( B. Sc .
Billericay ( ) is a small commuter town in Essex , England with a population of 40,000 .
Birds of the peninsula include Buff-breasted Buttonquail ( Turnix olivii ) , Golden-shouldered Parrot ( Psephotus chrysopterygius ) , Lovely Fairywren ( Malurus amabilis ) , White-streaked Honeyeater ( Trichodere cockerelli ) , and Yellow-spotted Honeyeater ( Meliphaga notata ) while some such as Pied Oystercatcher are found in other parts of Australia but have important populations on the peninsula .
Werner Huttig of the Nazi Party 's Rassenpolitisches Amt ( Office of Racial Politics ) said that a smoking mother 's breast milk contained nicotine , a claim that modern research has proven correct .
Chignik is a city in Lake and Peninsula Borough , Alaska , United States .
In some countries , the postal system also has some authority over telephone and telegraph systems .
It often results from the bacterial break down of sulfites in nonorganic matter in the absence of oxygen , such as in swamps and sewers ( anaerobic digestion ) .
They are also known to prey on small vertebrates , such as birds , snakes , lizards , and bats .
A person who skateboards is most often referred to as a skateboarder , or colloquially within the skateboarding community , a skater .
The 2024 Summer Olympics , which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad , are an international athletic event that has yet to be organized by the International Olympic Committee .
Hallines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Host is a science fiction/romance novel by Stephenie Meyer .
The genus contains over 300 species , distributed in tropical and subtropical regions of North America , Central America , South America , Asia , Oceania and Australasia .
In May 2004 , it was announced that the series would be resurrected beginning in 2005 , and that Piper was to play the character Rose Tyler , a traveling companion to The Doctor , ( to be played by Christopher Eccleston ) .
The following are required for the membership application :
The original location , Jordan , was discounted as a result of the September 11 attacks and the political situation in the Middle East .
He was born in the Melbourne suburb of Reservoir .
He is the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs , breaking the record Jimmie Foxx set in 1939 , and the youngest to hit 600 , besting Babe Ruth 's record by over a year .
He was the first person to use the term genetics to describe the study of heredity and biological inheritance , and the chief populariser of the ideas of Gregor Mendel following their rediscovery in 1900 by Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns .
Christian Abbiati ( born 8 July 1977 in Abbiategrasso , Milan ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Milan .
All traffic that traverses the network passes through the central hub .
However , as expected , the Parliament of Northern Ireland , later termed a Protestant Parliament for a Protestant people , chose , under the terms of the Anglo-Irish Treaty , to opt out of the Irish Free State the following day .
Originally , the Roman military consisted entirely of the Roman army , but a small navy was first added during the Samnite Wars and later significantly expanded to include specialized ranged Navy and Land Artillery .
As a journalist , from 1867 , he wrote a lot of articles and notices .
Woodlawn is a city in Campbell County , Kentucky , United States .
From a design perspective , a wide angle lens is one that projects a substantially larger image circle than would be typical for a standard design lens of the same focal length ; this enables either large tilt & shift movements with a view camera , or lenses with wide fields of view .
One of the album 's most noteworthy songs , '' Graffiti My Soul '' , was intended for Britney Spears 's In The Zone .
Mont-Bernanchon is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 2008 , Hamlin had a near identical season as before , but moved up to eighth in points , and won early in the season at Martinsville Speedway .
Joseph W. Westphal ( acting ) March 5 , 2001 - May 31 , 2001 George W. Bush
It has the following constituent villages : Brabe i , Brani te , Dane i and Locusteni .
The Noble Eightfold Path is the fourth of the Buddha 's Four Noble Truths ; the first element of the Noble Eightfold Path is , in turn , an understanding of the Four Noble Truths .
Over their four decade career , Heart has had chart success with a variety of musical styles , ranging from hard rock and metal ( Barracuda , If Looks Could Kill , Black on Black II ) , to folk rock ( Dreamboat Annie , Dog and Butterfly ) , to power ballads ( Alone , These Dreams , What About Love ) .
The Rake 's Progress is an opera in three acts and an epilogue by Igor Stravinsky .
Yogi Bear is a fictional bear who appears in animated cartoons created by Hanna-Barbera Productions .
In 2003 , he was awarded the Einstein Medal .
The program has become a classified project , although it is not known whether DARPA will maintain this status for the project .
In 1994 a committee of IUPAC recommended that element 108 be named hahnium ( Hn ) , in spite of the long-standing convention to give the discoverer the right to suggest a name .
Mountain Brook is the hometown of actors Wayne Rogers , Kate Jackson , and Courteney Cox , former Green Bay Packers quarterback Bart Starr , and Natalee Holloway , a high school graduate who disappeared while on a graduation trip to Aruba on May 30 , 2005 , in a well-publicized missing persons case .
Saint-Morillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Peter Bernard Luccin ( born 9 April 1979 in Marseille ) is a French footballer .
Gareth David Owen ( born 21 September , 1982 in Cheadle , Staffordshire , England ) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for League Two side Port Vale .
Wausau ( pronounced , ) is a city in and the county seat of Marathon County , Wisconsin , United States .
Throughout most of the history of personal computers , data transfer through serial ports connected the computer to devices such as terminals and various peripherals .
During this period the Henry Head Battery which was built much earlier was also re-utilized and consisted of two breech loading 6 inch guns .
Instead of the established norm for MMA events , where matchups are strictly one-on-one affairs , each IFL card was a showdown between two camps of at least three fighters , each fighter fighting one match against another in the opposing camps .
District Attorney Regrets Not Allowing Genocide Testimony at Murder Trial , By David D. Minner / / The Independent , Apr 2 , 1998 Two months later , Gourgen Yanikian was dead of natural causes .
A psyche in mythology means a butterfly .
The fourth species , the La Plata Dolphin , lives in salt-water estuaries and near-shore marine environments .
On 15th March 2008 , the former Councils of Noosa Shire , Maroochy Shire and Caloundra City amalgamated to form the Sunshine Coast Regional Council .
He was described by Anders Hald as '' a genius who almost single-handedly created the foundations for modern statistical science , '' and Richard Dawkins described him as '' the greatest of Darwin 's successors '' .
The Foundation raised much of their funds by selling pre-orders of the DVD .
In 1984 , the Davis City Council declared the city to be a nuclear free zone .
Around October , nearly two million herbivores travel from the northern hills toward the southern plains , crossing the Mara River , in pursuit of the rains .
The two types are differentiated by the fact that the hyphae of ectomycorrhizal fungi do not penetrate individual cells within the root , while the hyphae of endomycorrhizal fungi penetrate the cell wall and invaginate the cell membrane .
For a short period Messiaen experimented with the parametrization associated with '' total serialism '' , in which field he is often cited as an innovator .
During the match , Abyss turned on his team by attacking Goldylocks .
His elder brother Leslie also played cricket for Middlesex and football for Arsenal and England .
Lawrence Lavon '' Larry '' Linville ( September 29 , 1939 - April 10 , 2000 ) was an American actor .
At the time of his death , aged 111 years , 38 days , Patch was the verified third-oldest man in the world , the oldest man in Europe and one of the 67 oldest men ever .
The original church on the site was built in the 1890s .
Inspired by the work of American psychotherapist Elizabeth Fehr , Laing began to develop a team offering '' rebirthing workshops '' in which one designated person chooses to re-experience the struggle of trying to break out of the birth canal represented by the remaining members of the group who surround him or her .
To alter the patterns and content of worship were to change the faith itself .
His father was member of the British forces , and a well-known and successful businessman in Lower Canada .
Noble gas compounds are chemical compounds that include an element from Group 18 of the periodic table , the noble gases .
Today , he is widely regarded as one of history 's greatest painters and an important contributor to the foundations of modern art .
The civil parish of Shap ( formerly Shap Urban Parish ) includes the hamlet of Keld and parts of the granite works and Corus limestone works , and has a population of 1,221 .
Both the continental and oceanic crust '' float '' on the mantle ( see isostasy ) .
Feuguerolles-Bully is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Offspring are generally called pups or puppies until they are about a year old .
Students , Japanese commanders and British POWs ' representatives would gather there regularly to commemorate the dead during the Occupation .
The family 's finances would vary with Young 's success in selling his stories and he began taking assignments from Sports Illustrated .
The Brown Inca , Coeligena wilsoni , is a species of hummingbird .
Since the earliest stages of his career , he has been playing various Stradivari instruments ; at present , it is the 1727 '' Ex-Kreutzer '' .
Some meringue recipes call for adding a binding agent such as cream of tartar or the cornstarch found in confectioner 's sugar .
Billabong is an Australian English word meaning a small lake , specifically an oxbow lake , a section of still water adjacent to a river , cut off by a change in the watercourse .
The name has applied to every female member of Hyrule 's royal family , which includes several distinct characters in Hyrule legend .
It was written and produced by Beyoncé Knowles , Sam Barnes , Jean-Claude Olivier and Cory Rooney for the group 's third studio album , Survivor ( 2001 ) , although the song first appeared on the soundtrack to the 2000 film adaption of Charlie 's Angels .
She graduated from Tufts University , where she met her future husband , and earned an MBA at Northwestern University .
He recorded his first career Top 10 finish in NASCAR in just his second race , when he finished tenth at Martinsville Speedway .
A period of several successive days with tornado outbreaks in the same general area ( spawned by multiple weather systems ) is a tornado outbreak sequence , occasionally called an extended tornado outbreak .
The holders of the FA Cup are Chelsea , who beat fellow Premier League side Everton in the 2009 final on 30 May 2009 .
City officials threatened to take action affecting Time Warner 's cable franchises in the city .
The public schools in Frostproof are operated by the Polk County School Board . There are three schools in Frostproof : frostproof Middle\/Senior High , Frostproof Elementary and Ben Hill Griffin Elementary .
Newts are classified in the subfamily Pleurodelinae of the family Salamandridae , and are found in North America , Europe and Asia .
Geography Braidwood is located on the Kings Highway linking Canberra to Batemans Bay on the coast .
In parts of Australia , a shire is an administrative unit , but it is not synonymous with '' county '' there , which is a land registration unit .
Peter Bone ( C )
Canute VI is crowned king of Denmark .
When running under Mac OS 8.1 or 9 , a PowerPC processor , 24 MB of RAM , and 25 MB of free space is required .
My Year In Iraq : The Struggle to Build a Future of Hope , 1st edn .
He originally gave the material the name Pithecanthropus erectus based on its morphology that he considered to be intermediate between that of humans and apes .
In quantum mechanics , the double-slit experiment ( often referred to as Young 's experiment ) demonstrates the inseparability of the wave and particle natures of light and other quantum particles .
The Daintree Rainforest is over one hundred and thirty-five million years old - the oldest in the world .
History of Psychiatry 15 : 105-124 .
During the time of the GDR , Hoyerswerda became an important industrial town .
After 25 years , the band has reformed and played a reunion show July 17th at the Mercury Lounge in New York City .
Classified advertising differs from standard advertising or business models in that it allows private individuals ( not simply companies or corporate entities ) to solicit sales for products and services .
On January 29 , 1927 he took the title King of Nejd ( his previous Nejdi title was Sultan ) .
Following an approach by the Bristol Engine Company in 1957 that they were planning a directed thrust engine , Hawker Aircraft came up with a design for an aeroplane that could meet the NATO specification for a '' Light Tactical Support Fighter '' .
As of 2004 he was , according to the Guinness Book of World Records , the youngest person to have visited all sovereign nations of the world .
Van Susteren 's almost continuous coverage of the story caused On the Record to get its best ratings to date , while Grace 's show became the cornerstone of the new '' Headline Prime '' block on Headline News , which ran two episodes ( a live show and a repeat ) every night during prime-time .
The teachings of the Mennonites were founded on their belief in both the mission and ministry of Jesus Christ , which they held to with great conviction despite persecution by the various Roman Catholic and Protestant states .
The work of other individual physicians led to various insights , but when physicians started working together they could make firmer conclusions .
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong to the same dynamic cluster as Sycorax and Setebos , suggesting common origin .
However , past incarnations have included Multi-Death Corporation , Millions of Dead Children , Millions of Dead Christians , Millions of Dead Congressmen , Millions of Damn Christians , Millions of Dead Contractors , Metal Devil Cokes , and recently Magnus Dominus Corpus .
Adele or Adelaide of Aquitaine ( or Adelaide of Poitiers ) ( c. 945 or 952 & ndash ; 1004 ) was the daughter of William III , Duke of Aquitaine and Adele of Normandy , daughter of Rollo of Normandy .
'' 30,000 Pounds of Bananas '' , sometimes spelled '' Thirty-Thousand Pounds of Bananas '' , is a song by Harry Chapin from his 1974 album , Verities & Balderdash .
Saint-Sulpice-de-Pommiers is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Frankish The Old Frankish language had a large influence on the vocabulary of Old French after the conquest , by the Germanic tribe of the Franks , of the portions of Roman Gaul that are now France and Belgium during the Migration Period .
After several hours of verb conjugation , Marge falls for Homer too , only to become enraged when he admits that he is not a French student .
Born in 1857 in Cincinnati , Ohio , into the powerful Taft family , Taft graduated from Yale College Phi Beta Kappa in 1878 , U.S. Presidents Who Are Phi Beta Kappa Members , Phi Beta Kappa website , accessed October 4 , 2009 and from Cincinnati Law School in 1880 .
Le Mesnil-Bacley is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Pharos of Alexandria Lighthouse ( one of the Seven Wonders of the world ) is destroyed by a series of earthquakes
'' Goodies '' is the debut single by American recording artist Ciara .
In 1945 Hyde & Vredenburg moved its corporate headquarters from Lamoni to Chariton , Iowa , after acquiring the Chariton Wholesale Company .
Year 20 ( XX ) was a leap year starting on Monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
She was put in the hospital in June 2006 after discovering she had cervical cancer and had the tumor removed .
He discovered some comets , including periodic comet 22P/Kopff and the non-periodic C/1906 E1 .
It is the only Norwegian organization that specialises in international efforts aimed at this target group .
The Sundance Film Festival is a film festival that takes place annually in the state of Utah , in the United States . It is the largest independent cinema festival in the United States .
Skype provides an uncontrolled registration system for users with no proof of identity .
He appears in the 1901 Census as a two-year-old along with his stonemason father William John , mother Elizabeth Ann ( née MorrisSee General Register Office indices for quarter ending September 1886 , and ) , and older brothers George Frederick and William Thomas at a house called '' Fonthill '' .
They play in the Premier League and are one of the most successful clubs in English football , having won thirteen First Division and Premier League titles and ten FA Cups .
In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer (/O1952/O) , and professor (/O1962/O) .
Interested in astronomy and trying to develop a calendar , he investigated Diophantine equations .
The capital is the city of Fukushima .
The show features unknown , professional MMA fighters living together in Las Vegas , Nevada , and follows them as they train and compete against each other for a prized contract with the UFC .
The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog , Rhode Island , and lampoons American culture , society , television and many aspects of the human condition .
Waarschoot is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
The mandolin is the soprano member of the mandolin family , as the violin is the soprano member of the violin family .
It is the second largest department in Haiti after the department of Artibonite .
The only current grand ducal family in existence , the Grand Ducal Family of Luxembourg , styles its junior members as '' Royal Highness '' , but this is due to their additional titles of Princes of Parma , although this title was relinquished in 1995 .
Heusden-Zolder is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
Producer =
Reddit was founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005 , both 22-year-old graduates of the University of Virginia .
In 1912 Dudley , with the help of the director of the Agricultural Division of the college , Professor J.H. Bluford , organized the Farmers ' Union and Co-operative Society .
Such women often had their sexual organs cut out or their breasts cut off .
It is one of several birds in the crow family named as magpies , and belongs to the Holarctic radiation of '' monochrome '' magpies .
If you are logged in with an account but you do not have a registered e-mail address , please go to to set one .
One of the earliest companies to take advantage of mineral resources around Ripley was the Butterley Company .
Each year on the night of September 15 at around eleven in the evening , the President of Mexico rings the bell of the National Palace in Mexico City .
As a member of Ben Hall 's gang , Gilbert is mentioned in a number of songs about Hall 's life and exploits .
Hong Kong was handed over from the United Kingdom in 1997 , and Macao was handed over from Portugal in 1999 .
These classifications are not exclusive .
Scooby-Doo 2 : Monsters Unleashed is a 2004 film , and sequel to 2002 's Scooby-Doo based on the Hanna-Barbera series classic , Scooby-Doo .
There are six metropolitan counties , which each cover large urban areas , typically with populations of 1.2 to 2.8 million .
With the exception of the album 's lead single , '' What the Hell '' , Lavigne described the songs on the album as different from her earlier material : '' I 'm older now , so I think that comes across in my music , it 's not as pop-rock '' .
And I thought , You 're gon na say Ron .
In the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands . Seborrhoea is the name for the condition of greasy skin caused by excess sebum .
It was named for Waightstill Avery , a colonel in the American Revolutionary War and the first Attorney General of North Carolina ( 1777-1779 ) .
From July 1940 coastal shipping convoys and shipping centres , such as Portsmouth , were the main targets ; one month later the Luftwaffe shifted its attacks to RAF airfields and infrastructure .
( born September 8 , 1981 in Mie Prefecture ) is a Japanese soccer player currently playing for Austin Aztex on loan from Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Division 2 Professional League .
Norihiro Yamagishi is a Japanese football player .
According to the text of letter , the author is the prophet Jeremiah .
Later that year , they would go on to release their fifteenth major single , SPEED KING , and their seventh Warner album , FUNFAIR , shortly after .
The baud rate is related to but should not be confused with gross bit rate expressed in bit\/s .
Wale Victor Folarin ( born Olubowale Victor Akintimehin on September 21 , 1984 ) , better known by his stage name Wale ( ( pronounced - Wall-Lay ) ) , is an American rapper from Washington , D.C. Wale was born to Nigerian immigrant parents .
Punknews.org link
More than 90 % of its population is of Khmer origin and speaks the Khmer language , the country 's official language .
was the 19th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O19/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
' ( also written 2004 UP10 ) is a Neptune trojan discovered by Scott S. Sheppard and Chadwick A. Trujillo in 2004 .
History The compound was discovered by researchers at Roussel Uclaf of France in 1980 ( the '' RU '' in RU-486 ) while they were studying glucocorticoid receptor antagonists .
Working dogs Through selective breeding , Spitz types have been developed to fit three purposes helping humans : hunting , herding , and pulling sleds .
For the area code , see Area code 710 .
He made his recording debut in late 2005 with the self-titled album Chris Brown at the age of 16 .
Lierval is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
This , combined with increased interest in scientific agriculture and engineering and new funding from business licenses , allowed the city to start expanding again .
According to Bradley Torreano of allmusic , '' his easygoing image and boyish looks appealed to the producers of Brandy 's television show , Moesha '' , giving him a role on the UPN series starting in 1999 as Dorian '' D-Money '' .
Pir Sultan Abdal reflected the social , cultural and religious life of the people ; he was a humanist , and wrote about resistance , love , peace , death and God .
A future mission with a strong astrobiology role would have been the Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter , designed to study the frozen moons of Jupiter -- some of which may have liquid water -- had it not been canceled .
Tropical storm-force winds were also recorded at Cape Race in Newfoundland when Debby passed on September 18 .
Costinha finished his international career with 53 caps and two goals , having been rarely called during the Euro 2008 qualifying stage .
The wingspan ( or just span ) of an airplane or a bird , is the distance from one wingtip to the other wingtip .
Santa Barbara Catholic School is in Dededo .
and the honor , the respect and consideration that accrued to the vassal , unlike the delegated power of a comes or count , was not expressed in expectations of related public duty .
Silent Alarm is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party .
The position was held by Joseph Klausner , Benzion Netanyahu , Yeshayahu Leibowitz , Nathan Rotenstreich , Yehoshua Gutman , and Joshua Prawer .
Maresquel-Ecquemicourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Edward , Prince of Wales ( 15 June 1330 -- 8 June 1376 ) was called Edward of Woodstock in his early life , after his birthplace , and has , more recently , been popularly known as The Black Prince .
New York Harbor refers to the waterways of the estuary near the mouth of the Hudson River that empty into New York Bay .
Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall is the sixth album ( and first live album ) by the Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright , released through Geffen Records in December 2007 .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 6.1 square miles ( 15.9 km ) , of which , 6.0 square miles ( 15.6 km ) is land and 0.1 square miles ( 0.2 km ) ( 1.14 % ) is water .
It houses the spinal cord in its spinal canal .
Dufour has released four solo albums to date : Naissance , Development , Existence , and Convergences .
Bad Wiessee is also notorious as the scene of the key events within the Night of the Long Knives , June 30 , 1934 , when Hitler and the SS purged the leadership of the SA , many of whom were staying at the resort .
Charlotte Eagles is an American professional soccer team based in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .
Oyster card ( pay as you go ) has been accepted at the station from 2 January 2008 .
There are many organizations which perform missions on a fully-funded and organized level , such as North American Mission Board , operated by the Southern Baptist Convention and the Unitarian Universalist Service Committee ( ( UUSC ) .
The lake was formed as a result of tectonic activity and is one of the largest freshwater lakes in Asia by surface area .
Before 1975 Amalthea was most commonly known simply as .
A census-designated place ( CDP ) is a type of place ( a concentration of population ) identified by the United States Census Bureau for statistical purposes .
Another use of the term lies in describing the transfer of information between and within cells , as in signal transduction .
Each player starts with two rooks , one in each of the corners nearest their own side .
According to the 2005 census , the city has a population of 82,306 , of which 50,000 live in the urban center , and the remainder in the surrounding areas .
On a walk in the New Jersey Palisades with his nephews , Milton ( March 8 , 1911 - Feb. 1981 ) and Edwin Sirotta , Kasner asked for their ideas .
A number of secular explanations have been offered for the origin of the incubus legends .
Tawi is a river that flows through the city of Jammu .
There is a limited set of diacritic marks , which are only applied to certain bases in modern Japanese .
In a computer operating system that uses paging for virtual memory memory management , page replacement algorithms decide which memory pages to page out ( swap out , write to disk ) when a page of memory needs to be allocated .
There are several PoE implementations , including ad-hoc techniques , but using the IEEE standard for supplying power over Ethernet is very strongly recommended .
Gibraltar Linux is based on free Software , which was enhanced by a web based administration tool .
Originally releasing hardcore punk records , the label moved on to releasing albums by melodic death metal , grindcore , power metal and black metal bands , as well as tribute albums .
Zhejiang is an eastern coastal province of the People 's Republic of China .
Marlon Brando , in his autobiography Songs My Mother Taught Me , claimed that he had had a relationship with her .
Tiwi , Albay residents discovered a new pancit or noodles made from seaweed , which has health benefits .
Aftermath Florida Andrew 's catastrophic damage spawned many rumors , including claims that hundreds or even thousands of migrant farm workers in south Dade County ( now Miami-Dade County ) were killed and their deaths were not reported in official accounts .
In computer engineering , an execution unit ( also called a functional unit ) is a part of a CPU that performs the operations and calculations called for by the computer program .
Jamestown is the capital of Saint Helena at .
Meanwhile , at the trials , Lisa is given an Olympic mascot pin .
Additionally , it is important to remember that a person may still suffer from a health - or life-threatening eating disorder
In which case , gunnysacking ( as a tactic ) has the dual effect of raising additional problems ( in what is typically already a volatile situation ) and presents an obstacle to dealing with the current issues .
They have won 1 Atlantic League championship , and is the first team in the league to win by a four-game sweep .
History The WWE United States Championship was originally known as the NWA United States Heavyweight Championship and began as a regional championship created by and defended in Mid-Atlantic Championship Wrestling run by Jim Crockett , Jr. . .
Sinclair 's feature credits include William Wellman 's The Light That Failed , Tower of London , Alexander Korda 's That Hamilton Woman and Raoul Walsh 's Desperate Journey .
Canadian English ( CanE , en-CAen-CA is the language code for Canadian English , as defined by ISO standards ( see ISO 639-1 and ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 ) and Internet standards ( see IETF language tag ) . )
'' Ay paasiyv moust saatanli dat it iz olmoust houli wayt , '' shi toot .
Another translation used the original English spelling of Nadsat terms .
In 1710 , Handel became Kapellmeister to George , Elector of Hanover , who would become King George I of Great Britain in 1714 .
Helensburgh is a small town in New South Wales , Australia .
There are conflicting definitions of how strong .
The United States Environment Protection Agency For manufacturers , this includes planning for , and if necessary , paying for the recycling or disposal of the product at the end of its useful life .
Mouen is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Initially a pop rock band with Frans Krassenburg as lead singer , Golden Earrings had their first chart success with their debut single '' Please Go '' , recorded in 1965 .
More literally however , the word '' Navi '' in Sanskrit means ` boat ' and '' Gathi '' means ` direction ' .
Shortly before Knut 's second birthday , reports began circulating that the bear would have to be relocated to another zoo because he was becoming too large for his enclosure .
John of England impounds the revenue of all prelates appointed by bishops who had deserted him at his excommunication .
Kelly 's music style has ranged from bluegrass to studio-oriented dub reggae , but his core output straddles folk , rock , and country .
On the June 11 edition of Raw , Benoit was drafted from SmackDown !
The first edition of Stern 's pioneering textbook The Principles of Human Genetics was published in 1949 .
However , no such words appear in the verbatim record of Gagarin 's conversations with the Earth during the spaceflight .
Boston is also the anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston , home to 4.5 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan area in the country .
Although Alfred 's family is depicted in the film as having served the Wayne family for generations , Caine created his own backstory , in that before becoming Wayne 's butler , Alfred served in the Special Air Service .
The FSF is incorporated in Massachusetts , USA .
Chile is the longest north-south country in the world , and also claims of Antarctica as part of its territory .
A planetary nebula is an emission nebula consisting of a glowing shell of gas and plasma formed by certain types of stars when they die .
The scale was developed in the 1970s to succeed the 1930s-era Richter magnitude scale ( ML ) .
Paul John Keating ( born 18 January 1944 ) is a political figure in Australia .
Irukandji jellyfish are tiny and extremely venomous jellyfish that inhabit marine waters of Australia , and which cause symptoms collectively known as Irukandji syndrome .
, the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits ; according to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki , this is where the dead go to dwell and apparently rot indefinitely .
Pakistan was the first region of the South Asia to receive the full impact of Islam and has developed a distinct Islamic identity , historically different from that further west .
Hammerhead sharks are known to eat a large range of items including fish , squid , octopus , crustaceans , and other hammerhead sharks .
The stadium plays host to the home matches of Scottish Premier League club Motherwell .
Alexander Andrijevski ( born 10 August 1968 in Minsk , Soviet Union ) is a former Belarusian professional ice hockey player who played one game in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks .
All of them are named after Saint Andrew , a Christian saint and one of the New Testament Apostles , and were often founded by Scottish people as Saint Andrew is the patron saint of Scotland .
City of Victory ) was the Roman name for a city associated with the Emmaus of the New Testament , where Jesus is said to have appeared after his death and resurrection .
Priscus refused to accept their acclamations , but Perennis had all the legionary legates in Britain cashiered .
It has gained notoriety through its use in the Tour de France cycling race .
This has happened after around three decades of cinema industry decline in Pakistan .
We hope you will find huge educational value within this project ; and amongst our millions of articles , you will certainly find many relevant to almost all areas of study .
It may also eat honey , eggs , birds , flowers , tubers , fruits , grains and meat .
In general the truth table does not lead to an efficient implementation ; a minimization procedure , using Karnaugh maps , the Quine -- McCluskey algorithm or an heuristic algorithm is required for reducing the circuit complexity .
Pakistan Time ( PKT ) is the time zone for Pakistan . It is 5 hours ahead of GMT\/UTC ( UTC +05:00 ) .
The counties were first introduced in 1662 , replacing the 49 fiefs ( len ) in Denmark -- Norway with the same number of counties .
It is from this association that the superstition came about that a horse left there overnight with a small silver coin ( groat ) would be shod by morning .
Wind power is growing at the rate of 30 % annually , with a worldwide installed capacity of 158 gigawatts ( GW ) in 2009 , Lars Kroldrup .
The film opened on February 12 , 2010 in 3,356 theaters ; its opening weekend box-office results totaled $ 31,236,067 in the U.S. , finishing at # 2 above The Wolfman , which opened at # 3 with $ 31,479,235 and below Valentine 's Day , which opened at # 1 with $ 56,260,707 .
Since 1978 , Spain has had a king , who only does that which the parliament decides .
The word was adapted from Italian minuetto and French menuet , meaning small , pretty , delicate , a diminutive of menu , from the Latin minutus ; menuetto is a word that occurs only on musical scores .
Marking a notable shift in direction from their earlier work , Queen employed many elements of disco , pop music , R&B and dance music on Hot Space , being partially influenced by the success of their 1980 hit '' Another One Bites the Dust '' .
A user can modify files nearly anywhere on the running CD via a union mount filesystem ( UnionFS or AUFS , depending on the Finnix release ) , stacking a read-write filesystem ( in this case , a dynamic ramdisk ) on top of a read-only filesystem ( the CD media ) .
The most well-known example is Finnish modernist architect Alvar Aalto who would create aesthetic effects in the facades of his buildings through the combination of different types and sizes of louvers , some fixed some moveable , and made mostly from wood ( e.g. the various buildings of the Helsinki University of Technology ) .
The original outline of the fort is also marked on the pavement of streets and sidewalks that pass over its former location , in the form of special paving stones .
He currently drives the # 27 Menards Chevrolet in both the Sprint Cup for Richard Childress Racing and runs part-time for Kevin Harvick Inc. in the Nationwide Series .
Frieza 's fears were realized when he was defeated by Goku , who in turn had become a Super Saiyan .
Marginally longer than the earlier coaches , it contained both smoking and non-smoking accommodation for first and third class passengers , as well as the brake van space .
Even though it is raining everything is down , I will always be there .
He also wrote many volumes of commentaries , sayings , and other types of literature .
Edinburgh Trams is a forthcoming tramway system which is currently under construction in Edinburgh , Scotland .
In May 1857 , the pianist and conductor Charles Hallé set up an orchestra to perform at the Manchester Art Treasures Exhibition , and the orchestra performed through October 1857 .
The Horst-Wessel-Lied ( '' Horst Wessel Song '' ) , also known as Die Fahne hoch ( '' The Flag Up High '' ) from its opening line , was the anthem of the Nazi Party from 1930 to 1945 .
Jonny Kennedy ( born 16 February 1990 in England ) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership .
Fibres are often used in the manufacture of other materials .
It is thinner than continental crust , or sial , generally less than 10 kilometers thick , however it is denser , having a mean density of about 3.3 grams per cubic centimeter .
Her name suits her function and means , the ( one who is ) powerful .
Approximately 95 % of unsafe abortions take place in developing countries .
This essay , Wikipedia : Advanced table formatting describes some techniques to improve the display or editing of wikitables in Wikipedia .
Wolverhampton is a city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands , England .
This is similar to more complex ochre utilization known from Blombos Cave slightly further to the west at roughly 70,000 years ago .
A broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses ( e.g. magical and punitive ) .
During the early 2000s the plan was developed by Cross London Rail Links Ltd. , the developers of Crossrail , and the line is therefore sometimes known as Crossrail 2 and expected to be a large gauge tunnel .
In the final weeks of her life , Monroe engaged in discussions about future film projects , and firm arrangements were made to continue negotiations .
The town grew in the 15th century after silver mines were established nearby .
Domesticated equids ( horses , donkeys and mules ) usually need regular trimming by a farrier , as a consequence of reduced activity on hard ground .
The Tierpark Hagenbeck is a zoo in Stellingen , now a quarter in Hamburg , Germany .
This migration phenomenon was so significant that the number of Cape Verdeans and their descendants living abroad currently exceeds the population of Cape Verde itself .
December 22 -- Vitellius is captured and murdered by the Gemonian stairs .
The Medinan suras of the Qur ` an are those suras which were revealed at Medina , after Muhammad 's hijra from Mecca , when the Muslims were establishing a state rather than being , as at Mecca , an oppressed minority .
The main city of Ulleungdo is the port of Dodong , which serves as the main ferry port between Ulleungdo and the Korean mainland .
Following the success of the re-release of J. Lo , Lopez decided to devote an entire album to the remixing effort , releasing J to tha L-O !
The Suez Canal is an artificial sea-level waterway in Egypt , connecting the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea .
The story is told through first-person narration by the protagonist , Pitar .
The Thinker ( ) a bronze and marble sculpture by Auguste Rodin .
Norwood was born into a musically oriented family , his older sister Brandy is a multi-platinum recording artist , and his father Willie Norwood is a well known gospel-singer .
Named Port Clarence , it was used as a naval station in the effort to suppress the slave trade .
The Toronto Eaton Centre is one of North America 's top shopping destinations , and Toronto 's most popular tourist attraction with over 52 million visitors annually .
Annelies Marie '' Anne '' Frank ( ) ( 12 June 1929 in Frankfurt am Main -- early March 1945 in Bergen Belsen ) was a Jewish German girl who was born in the city of Frankfurt am Main in Weimar Germany , and who lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .
Other websites Diagram at evmsent.org The nasal septum separates the left and right airways in the nose , dividing the two nostrils .
Biography Sarah McLachlan was born on , and adopted in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
It has developed or published games for the Nintendo 64 , PlayStation , Sega Saturn , Super Nintendo , Mega Drive , Nintendo Entertainment System , Nintendo DS , Game Boy and Game Boy Color video game systems as well as for the PC .
Castillon-la-Bataille is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The episode focuses upon a thirteen year old girl , Maria Jackson , discovering the existence of aliens .
There were also several Belgian Kasernes located in Soest itself .
The Southern Ocean is the second smallest of the five named oceans .
Wortman was thrilled with the final result , and the museum soon commissioned Knight to produce an entire series of watercolors to grace their fossil halls .
It was split from Monte Cristi province in 1938 , and was called Libertador until 1961 .
In 2007 she released a debut album Nie dla oka .
Conuropsis , from '' Conurus '' , an obsolete name of the genus Aratinga ( cf .
Most notable of these was a performance of Britten 's War Requiem conducted by the composer , a recording that sold 200,000 copies in the first five months .
Martainville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Presles-et-Thierny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The satellite appears neutral ( gray ) in visible light ( color indices B-V = 0.77 , R-V = 0.35 ) , similar to Prospero but different from Sycorax ( which is light red ) .
