Le Guin has received five Hugo awards and six Nebula awards , and was awarded the Gandalf Grand Master award in 1979 and the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Grand Master Award in 2003 .
A key element of the power of the Wallachian nobility was their connections in the Saxon-populated autonomous towns of Transylvania , so Vlad acted against these cities by eliminating their trade privileges in relation with Wallachia and by organizing raids against them .
Karl Marginson
Penalty shootouts , properly named kicks from the penalty mark , are a method sometimes used to decide which team progresses to the next stage of a tournament ( or wins the tournament ) following a draw in a game of association football .
Italians Italian settlers started arriving in Santa Catarina in 1875 and immigrated in large numbers until the 1910s .
From 1957 to 1964 , he was artistic director of the Vienna State Opera .
The title is taken from a sound effects track from Blake 's 7 on BBC Sound Effects No. 26 - Sci-Fi Sound Effects titled '' The Core , A Huge Evergrowing Pulsating Brain which Rules from the Centre of Ultraworld '' .
The people ignored the order to disperse , whereupon the General gave the signal to fire with muskets and cannons , resulting in a massacre of the demonstrators .
John Mann ( L )
Between chukkas , the players switch to fresh ponies .
This is surrounded by a lotus of eight petals , a lotus of sixteen petals , and an earth square resembling a temple with four doors .
PCLinuxOS is also designed to be easy to remaster after installation , creating one 's own personalized Live CD , using the mklivecd tool .
Prior to the 2007 general election , the then Leader of the Opposition , Kevin Rudd , said that he and he alone would choose the ministry should he become Prime Minister .
The emotional bond between siblings is often complicated and is influenced by factors such as parental treatment , birth order , personality , and personal experiences outside the family .
James Benjamin Peake ( born June 18 , 1944 ) is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
Nouakchott ( Arabic : or ( believed translation from Berber '' The place of the winds '' , Naw k ) ) is the capital and by far the largest city of Mauritania .
The oldest member of the House of Wettin who is known for certain is Dietrich I von Wettin , also known as Thiedericus , or as Thierry I of Liesgau ( died c. 982 ) .
Kryptos is a sculpture by American artist James Sanborn located on the grounds of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) in Langley , Virginia , USA .
In March 2008 , he made his debut with the San Francisco Symphony .
After some time had passed , with Konoe all the while lavishing all his affection on the beautiful Tamamo-no-Mae , the Emperor suddenly and mysteriously fell ill/O. .
It is marketed today as a toy for children , but was originally created by accident during research into potential rubber substitutes for use by the United States in World War II .
The nation with the highest number of sites is the United Kingdom at 168 .
Train station a station for railway or railroad trains .
Italian was the official language of Malta until 1934 , when English and Maltese replaced it .
Joseph Stalin 's Great Purge started at about the same time the Laskers arrived in the USSR .
The oldest discovered bricks , originally made from shaped mud and dating to before 7500 B.C. were found at Tell Aswad then later in the upper Tigris region and in southeast Anatolia close to Diyarbakir .
Avoidance will make it impossible for an explosion or deflagration to occur , for instance by means of consistent displacement of the O2 necessary for an explosion or deflagration to take place , by means of padding gas ( f. i. CO2 or N2 ) , or , by means of keeping the concentration of flammable content of an atmosphere consistently below or above the explosive limit , or , by means of consistent elimination of ignition sources .
The menhir of Simandre-sur-Suran dates from this era .
Prior to this , the theme song for the Raw brand was '' ... To Be Loved '' by Papa Roach , which had been used since October 9 , 2006 and '' Across The Nation '' by The Union Underground which was used from April 1 , 2002 to October 2 , 2006 .
It takes place seven years after the end of Silence of the Lambs and starts with Lecter residing in Florence , Italy , while Mason Verger , one of his surviving victims , attempts to capture him , intending to feed him to his pigs .
She originated the role of Kendall Hart on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children , winning the 1995 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series .
Warne 's elevation is 1,736 feet ( 529 m ) .
During this time she worked on the family farm , and also at a local bank as a janitor and bookkeeper .
Bobby Lashley tells WrestlingNewsWorld.com he 's finished with WWE WWE announced that Lashley was released from his WWE contract on February 4 , 2008 .
Over his lifetime , a man 's risk of testicular cancer is roughly 1 in 250 ( 0.4 % ) .
She began to immerse herself in national affairs as civil war loomed on the horizon , and was compelled to seek refuge in France in 1644 , following the birth of her youngest daughter , Henrietta during the height of the First English Civil War .
Classical music regularly features in pop culture , forming background music for movies , television programs and advertisements .
Germany In Germany the Official Municipality Key serves statistical purposes and is issued by the statistics offices of individual German states .
His coronation took place in Westminster Abbey .
It 's a Doll 's Life , Ariel Hirschfeld , HaaretzIn ancient times , dolls were used as representations of a deity , and played a central role in religious ceremonies and rituals .
In 1869 Sacher-Masoch conceived a grandiose series of short stories under the collective title Legacy of Cain that would represent the author 's aesthetic Weltanschauung .
Shawcross , p. 192 Six shots were fired at her from close range as she rode down The Mall .
In the widest sense of the word it covers anything that can be used in combat that includes bombs , missiles , warheads , and mines ( landmines , naval mines , and anti-personnel mines ) -- that munitions factories manufacture .
'' Faker '' redirects here .
Some scientists and engineers have expressed reservations about nuclear power , including : Barry Commoner , S. David Freeman , John Gofman , Arnold Gundersen , Mark Z. Jacobson , Amory Lovins , Arjun Makhijani , Gregory Minor , and Joseph Romm .
It is distinguished from geriatrics , which is the branch of medicine that studies the diseases of the elderly .
Trattoria Records Traum Schallplatten Trauma Records Trax Records Tres Records Treibstoff Recordings Trekky Records trend is dead !
Not only did he discover the island , but he was forced to spend the winter at what is now called '' Winter Harbour '' , until August 1 , 1820 owing to freeze-up of the sea .
After The Downward Spirals release , Reznor produced an accompanying remix album entitled Further Down the Spiral , the only non-major NIN release to be certified gold in the United States .
Lance K. McNaught ( born March 2 , 1981 ) is an American professional wrestler , best known for wrestling on the Raw brand of World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the ring name Lance Cade .
According to inclusive fitness theory , eusociality may be easier for species like ants to evolve , due to their haplodiploidy , which facilitates the operation of kin selection .
In the most common interpretation of the poem , Blake implies that a visit of Jesus would briefly create heaven in England , in contrast to the '' dark Satanic Mills '' of the Industrial Revolution .
A documented performance at Manchester Evening News Arena on December 6 , 2007 , was released as a DVD on June 17 , 2008 , containing behind the scenes footage and four live performances from her tours , and was housed in a digipak .
The city was a major trade center , specializing in jade , pyrite and obsidian .
When a character dies , it becomes a ghost -- or wisp for Night Elf characters -- at a nearby graveyard .
Corvus contains no Messier objects .
The river acted as a communication way for the trade of agricultural products , together with the local amphorae .
In an interview with Spin on February 11 , 2011 , Kesha announced she had co-written a song with Dr. Luke and Max Martin titled '' Till the World Ends '' for Femme Fatale .
Similar appendages which are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead .
The next morning , Madame Medusa sends Penny down into the cave to find the gem , not knowing that Miss Bianca and Bernard are hiding in her skirt pocket .
Coquelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department near Calais in northern France .
He fulfilled a prophecy that said he would kill his father and marry his mother , and thus brought disaster on his city and family .
It is the county seat of Marshall County and the home of Marshalltown Community College .
Shi olsou faund dat shi kud meyk inaf mani in eyt mants tu bay haaself tuu lavli hyudzh nyu juualz tuu .
As planned small forces then proceeded southeast along the coast and occupied the village of Bulhar .
A fairly fast growing species , it can reach heights of up to 30 m and can live more than 100 years .
The Guardian link
It stars Jena Malone , Mandy Moore , Macaulay Culkin , Patrick Fugit , Eva Amurri , Martin Donovan , and Mary-Louise Parker .
In the 1970s , he developed a plan to build human settlements in outer space , including a space habitat design known as the O'Neill cylinder .
It follows his 1798 writings , An Essay on the Principle of Population , which describes how unchecked population growth is exponential while the growth of the food supply was expected to be arithmetical , leading to a Malthusian catastrophe .
Journeyman is a 2007 American science fiction television drama created by Kevin Falls for 20th Century Fox Television which aired on the NBC television network.NBC.com : Journeyman official site - '' About '' It starred Kevin McKidd as Dan Vasser , a San Francisco reporter who involuntarily travels through time .
She is the great-granddaughter of the former Swedish Prime Minister , Oscar von Sydow .
The name '' AbiWord '' ( pronounced '' Abby Word '' ) is derived from the root of the Spanish word '' ' '' , meaning '' open '' .
In their nineteen years of marriage , they had fourteen children together , seven of whom died at birth or at a very young age .
It is based upon Georges Bizet 's opera , Carmen , set in Philadelphia and Los Angeles in modern times , and features a mostly original hip-hop\/R & B score in place of Bizet 's opera .
On a distant cliff top , Vixey joins Tod as he looks down at the scene from afar .
As of June 1 , 2010 , Mr. Mubarak is still the President of Egypt , having been re-elected several times .
On 9 April 1952 , Queen Elizabeth II officially declared her '' Will and Pleasure that I and My children shall be styled and known as the House and Family of Windsor , and that my descendants who marry and their descendants , shall bear the name of Windsor .
European colonialism or Imperialism began in the fifteenth century with the '' Age of Discovery '' , led by Spanish and Portuguese exploration of the Americas , and the coasts of Africa , the Middle East , India , and East Asia .
In practice , an exact match between the heat and electricity needs rarely exists .
A gazelle ( ) is any of many antelope species currently or formerly in the genus Gazella .
This Saturday morning block presented programming from Nick Jr. , which at the time shared common ownership with CBS under Viacom .
The Nile crocodile 's current range of distribution extends from the Senegal River , Lake Chad , Wadai and the Sudan to the Cunene and the Okavango Delta .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
CNN is owned by parent company Time Warner , and the U.S. news channel is a division of the Turner Broadcasting System .
Ulleungdo is a popular tourist site .
Semi-protection prevents a portal from being edited by anonymous and newly registered users .
Genet 's mother was a young prostitute who raised him for the first year of his life before putting him up for adoption .
Iragna is a municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is considered the oldest type of Noh play , and is probably the most often performed .
Geographically , it includes a large part of the Eurasian Steppe and extends eastward from the Ural Mountains to the watershed between Pacific and Arctic drainage basins , and southward from the Arctic Ocean to the hills of north-central Kazakhstan and the national borders of both Mongolia and China .
Kunhar flows through entire Kaghan Valley through Jalkhad , Naran , Kaghan , Balakot , Garhi Habibullah and joins Jhelum River just outside Muzaffarabad in Azad Jammu and Kashmir .
Koop also instituted the practice of requiring rotated health warning labels on cigarette packs and required advertising to include the labels , although some warnings had been required since 1965 .
Raymond Walter Traylor , Jr. ( May 2 , 1963 - September 22 , 2004 ) was an American professional wrestler .
Port Arthur is one of Australia 's most significant heritage areas and the open air museum is officially Tasmania 's top tourist attraction .
Aulnay is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
Tobacco is an agricultural product processed from the leaves of plants in the genus Nicotiana .
Emperor Suizei , sometimes romanized as Suisei and known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
He is a two-time World Champion ( 2005 -- 2006 ) , the 2006 Olympic silver medalist , a two-time Grand Prix Champion ( 2005 and 2007 ) and an eight-time Swiss National Champion .
The project of '' Anarchopedia '' is present in about 30 different languages like : english , italian , spanish , german and swedish .
Koji Homma ( born 27 April 1977 in Hitachi , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2 .
February 7 & ndash ; Nikko , Japanese priest , founder of Nichiren Shoshu Buddhism ( b. 1246 )
Brouwer was drafted 214th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks .
Following purchase by the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Company in 1995 , restoration of the station began , and it opened as a Visitors ' Centre in 2003 .
Lucerne is the capital of the Canton of Lucerne and the capital of the district with the same name .
Lobzang Khan appointed a new Dalai Lama who , however was not accepted by the Gelugpa school .
In medicine , pulmonary hypertension ( PH or PHT ) is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery , pulmonary vein , or pulmonary capillaries , together known as the lung vasculature , leading to shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , and other symptoms , all of which are exacerbated by exertion .
Lieutenant Truman proposed and they were engaged before he left for France in 1918 .
Panderichthys , suited to muddy shallows ;
Line or lines may refer to :
India 's SEBI raises exchange ownership cap to 15 % , the NSE VSAT terminals , 2799 in total , cover more than 1500 cities across India NSE - About Us - Facts & Figures .
For instance , U.S. Route 201 splits from U.S. Route 1 at Brunswick , Maine , and runs north to Canada .
Winfried Freudenberg died in the crash of an improvised balloon aircraft by which he crossed the border into West Berlin on March 8 , 1989 .
Classic examples of boy bands include New Kids on the Block , Backstreet Boys and ` N Sync , with the Spice Girls being a female counterpart .
The open door policy stated that all European nations , and the United States , could trade with China .
Matthew C. Perry ( 1794 & ndash ; 1858 ) , American naval officer , led the effort to open Japan to trade with the West
This production was presented at the Lincoln Center in New York City in July 2007 to a great acclaim , and the run was completely sold out .
'' If I commenced by saying that I am unable to praise this work , you would certainly be surprised for a moment .
This record also reveals that he was already a painter , a fact that is subsequently confirmed by two records of payment to Guido di Pietro in January and February 1418 for work done in the church of Santo Stefano del Ponte .
The - tron suffix has since been used to unofficially identify other big screens used in wrestling , such as the '' OvalTron '' formerly used on SmackDown .
A steady growth of foreign tourists , especially from Germany , has been recently recorded .
The Province of Prato is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
is a multinational video game software and hardware development company , and a home computer and former console manufacturer headquartered in ta , Tokyo , Japan .
There are many churches in the town : the two main ones are the Collegiata , formerly a cathedral , and Sant ` Agostino , housing a wide representation of artworks from some of the main Italian renaissance artists .
There is usually little or no swelling , and it is rare for any nearby lymph nodes to be affected .
When a plant cell is placed in a hypertonic solution , the water in the cells moves to an area higher in solute concentration and the cell shrinks , and in doing so , becomes flaccid . This means the cell has become plasmolysed - the cell membrane has completely left the cell wall due to lack of water pressure on it ; the opposite of turgid .
Putonghua To arouse students ' interest in Putonghua , the school offers Putonghua Day , Tongue-Twisters , Putonghua Class , Singing Contest , Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner .
At age 15 , though Xenia and Alexander wanted to marry , her parents were reluctant to trust because Xenia was too young and they were unsure of Alexander 's character .
Paul D'Amour -- bass ( listed as '' Bottom Feeder '' )
He was arrested in 1996 and has been in prison ever since .
Functional classification Direction Afferent neurons convey information from tissues and organs into the central nervous system and are sometimes also called sensory neurons .
( )
The cast is led by professional wrestler John Cena , alongside Steve Harris , Gonzalo Menendez , Aidan Gillen , Brian J. White , Ashley Scott , and Taylor Cole .
Riverton is a city in Fremont County , Iowa , United States , along the East Nishnabotna River .
Although everyone is welcome to contribute to the encyclopedia , one or more of the external links you added do not comply with our guidelines for external links and have been removed .
As a child he went to Our Lady of the Wayside , where he was taunted for having one brown eye and one blue eye , known as heterochromia .
Agatha Christie , DBE , ( 15 September 1890 - 12 January 1976 ) , was a British crime writer of novels , short stories , and plays .
A hill fort is a type of earthworks used as a fortified refuge or defended settlement , located to exploit a rise in elevation for defensive advantage .
June 24 - Cristobal de Onate founds San Juan Bautista del Teul .
It may also refer to a number of other professional sport leagues :
Ulrich '' Uli '' Stielike ( born 15 November 1954 in Ketsch , West Germany ) is a German football manager and former player .
They have minimal role in normal phonation , but are often used in musical screaming and the death grunt singing style .
Statutes 1925 , articles 8 -- 12 The Order of the Bath is the fourth-most senior of the British Orders of Chivalry , after The Most Noble Order of the Garter , The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle , and The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick .
In areas which were previously under Sassanid Persian or Byzantine rule , the Caliphs lowered taxes , provided greater local autonomy ( to their delegated governors ) , greater religious freedom for Jews , and some indigenous Christians , and brought peace to peoples demoralized and disaffected by the casualties and heavy taxation that resulted from the decades of Byzantine-Persian warfare .
The album has frequently been tagged by critics as '' one of the most influential thrash metal albums of all time . ''
It continued to lose tropical characteristics , and on September 13 Florence transitioned into an extratropical cyclone about 485 miles ( 780 km ) south-southwest of Cape Race , Newfoundland .
Jjigae is typically served in a communal dish and boiling hot .
Montpezat-sous-Bauzon
He served as Prime Minister from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955 .
This is the first world title Korchnoi has won ( and his only participation in a World Senior Chess Championship ) .
The Valencia Street Circuit is a semi-permanent street circuit in Valencia , Spain which will host the Formula One European Grand Prix for seven years .
Albert of Aix begins his Historia Hierosolymitanae expeditionis .
See The History of Platinum .
It was the second Australian feature film version of the story of 19th century Australian bushranger Ned Kelly .
Monterey was the first widely promoted and heavily attended rock festival , attracting an estimated 55,000 total attendees with up to 90,000 people present at the event 's peak at midnight on Sunday .
A St Luke Passion ( 1730 ) was also formerly attributed to him , but it is now thought that Bach simply arranged an earlier composition .
Bombardier Transportation is one of the world 's largest companies in the rail equipment manufacturing and servicing industry .
The seven books The Chronicles of Narnia have been in continuous publication since 1954 and have sold over 100 million copies in 41 languages .
Quote : '' The gigantic , rust-colored external tank ... '' two white , slender Solid Rocket Boosters ( SRBs ) ; and the STS Orbiter Vehicle ( OV ) which contains the crew and payload .
The cover was officially unraveled on January 22 ; four days later , a new scavenger hunt was hidden on the official site , revealing the tracklist of the album and offering a prize to the three who could find all 15 song titles first .
Demographics As of the census of 2000 , there were 4,965 people , 1,930 households , and 1,464 families residing in the city .
R = 0.36 ) similar to those of C-type asteroids .
Menneville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jamaal RaShaad Jones Charles ( born December 27 , 1986 in Port Arthur , Texas ) is an American football running back for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League .
His comedies are among the earliest surviving intact works in Latin literature .
Overview It was performed in 26 teams , and Vasco da Gama won the championship .
Other known structures and buildings include the Loftus Versfeld Stadium , The South African State Theatre , University of Pretoria , and Head Quarters of the Department of International Relations and Co-Operation ( modern architecture ) .
Their populations crashed during the Snowball Earth episodes , when all or very nearly all of the Earth 's surface was covered by ice or snow , but they proliferated in the Cambrian explosion and reached their highest diversity in the Paleozoic .
Chemically , Earth can be divided into the crust , upper mantle , lower mantle , outer core , and inner core .
Integers are whole numbers that has a positive sign ( + ) or a negative sign ( - ) in front of it .
The Oriental Orthodox Churches fully adopt this position ; among heterodox groups , the early Anabaptists came close , and modern Anabaptist groups such as the Mennonites and Hutterites come closest .
D. Litt
Jimmie Kenneth Johnson ( born September 17 , 1975 in El Cajon , California ) is a current NASCAR Sprint Cup race car driver who drives the # 48 Lowe 's / Kobalt Tools Chevrolet Impala SS co-owned by Rick Hendrick and his teammate Jeff Gordon and operated by Hendrick Motorsports .
Kansas City is situated in '' Tornado Alley '' , a broad region where cold air from the Rocky Mountains and Canada collides with warm air from the Gulf of Mexico , leading to the formation of powerful storms .
Prior to November 10 , he had already killed 32 Axis soldiers with the standard-issue Mosin-Nagant rifle .
Renneval is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Suspended and arrested as part of the insurrection of the 10th of August during the French Revolution , he was tried by the National Convention , found guilty of high treason , and executed by guillotine on 21 January 1793 as '' Citoyen Louis Capet '' .
The series premiered on Monday August 26 , 1996 , on the WB , the first time that the network aired Monday night programming , and was originally broadcast from 1996-2007 .
Azad Jammu & Kashmir Council is a supreme body , consisting of 11 members -- 6 of these members are from the Government of Azad Jammu & Kashmir , and 5 members are from the Government of Pakistan .
However , in the final winner-takes-all round , James was defeated by Coby ; thus another victory for Koror .
Franco Selvaggi ( born May 15 , 1953 ) is a former Italian football player .
Early life Ben Hall was born on 9 May 1837 , in Wallis Plains ( though some reports incorrectly say Breeza ) , in the Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
It moved northeast and became extratropical on October 8 . No damage is directly associated with Fabian .
Britannica 's estimate of Iran 's ethnic composition ( 2000 ) states '' Persian 34.9 % ; Azerbaijani 15.9 % ; Kurd 13.0 % ; Luri 7.2 % ; Gilaki 5.1 % ; Mazandarani 5.1 % ; Afghan 2.8 % ; Arab 2.5 % ; other 13.5 % '' .
Esteghlal have been Asian Champions AFC Champions League 2 times and have also won 6 National Championship titles .
Margherita 's siblings included : Ferdinando II de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany , Cardinal Gian Carlo de ' Medici , Cardinal Leopoldo de ' Medici and Anna , wife of Ferdinand Charles , Archduke of Further Austria .
If the being can create a stone that it can not lift , then it seems that it can cease to be omnipotent .
ICDO =
The first ice pop was created by accident in 1905 when 11-year-old Frank Epperson left a mixture of powdered soda , water , and a stirring stick in a cup on his porch in cold weather .
Some Arghons and Shina are also settled in Kargil Town .
All of his principal works are in Florence , Italy .
The most recent winners are Tim Thomas and Manny Fernandez of the Boston Bruins , who combined for a league-low 196 team goals against in 2009 .
It is a chemical element , which has the symbol Si and atomic number 14 .
Thousands more were executed , forced to work as punishment and emprisoned for political reasons .
It is a parody\/cover of '' Money for Nothing '' by Dire Straits and The Beverly Hillbillies theme song .
Among the most notable supporters of the Cluniac reforms were Pope Urban II , UWGB.edu Lambert of Hersfeld , and Richard of Verdun .
Prior to use , the matcha is often forced through a sieve in order to break up clumps .
Following the death of Dean in 1955 , the project was shelved .
Morse 's original code specification , largely limited to use in the United States and Canada , became known as American Morse code or railroad code .
Denison is a city in Crawford County , Iowa , United States , along the Boyer River .
Although he only played briefly at the major league level , Wistert played five years of professional baseball .
The British Rail Class 115 diesel multiple units were 41 high density sets which operated the outer-suburban services from Marylebone usually to destinations such as High Wycombe , Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line ( now the London to Aylesbury Line ) .
Before writing Dracula , Stoker spent several years researching European folklore and stories of vampires .
In 2003 , Greg Rogers filed a civil lawsuit against Buck , accusing him of repeated sexual assault beginning in 1960 when Rogers was 11 and Buck 16 .
Hercules : The Legendary Journeys is an action adventure video game with beat 'em up elements that was released on the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color , developed by Player 1 and published by Titus Software , based on the television series .
South Africa are the current World Champions , having won the 2007 Rugby World Cup final in France on 20 October 2007 with victory over England , the 2003 World Champions and current runners-up .
Noorvik is a primarily Inupiat city in the Northwest Arctic Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Yalta Conference , sometimes called the Crimea Conference and codenamed the Argonaut Conference , was the February 4 - 11 , 1945 wartime meeting of the heads of government of the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Soviet Union- President Franklin D. Roosevelt , Prime Minister Winston Churchill , and General Secretary Joseph Stalin , respectively- for the purpose of discussing Europe 's post-war reorganization .
The city was once the capital of the ancient , Buddhist kingdom of Srivijaya that controlled a large part of what is now Indonesia , Malaysia and Southern Thailand .
HEADING Contestants
( September 30 , 1861 & ndash ; January 26 , 1932 ) was a U.S. chewing gum industrialist .
Floirac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The British Sovereign is the Sovereign of the Order and appoints all other members of the Order ( by convention , on the advice of the Government ) .
The Circle Jerks are an American punk band , formed circa 1979 in Hermosa Beach , California .
Tropical Storm Jerry formed as a tropical depression from a tropical wave on October 6 near Barbados .
is a multinational video game software and hardware development company , and a home computer and former console manufacturer headquartered in ta , Tokyo , Japan .
Early life Pascal coined his own name and his real name remains unknown .
The strong '' smell of sulfur '' usually refers to the odor of hydrogen sulfide ( ) or organosulfur compounds ( see section '' Organic compounds '' below ) , e.g. from rotten egg , or of burning sulfur , which produces sulfur dioxide , the smell associated with burnt matches .
It occurs in cool , deep soiled , mostly mountainous areas to 1000 m altitude with high rainfall of over 1200 m per year .
The inaugural tournament was held in 1993 in Scotland , the birthplace of rugby sevens .
Article 16 of the Rome Statute .
The name is also applied to a similar fruit , soncoya or cabeza de negro ( A. pupurea ) which is cultivated as an aternative to the cherimoya .
Richard 's brain was buried at Charroux Abbey in Poitou , his heart was buried at Rouen in Normandy , and the rest of his body was buried at the feet of his father at Fontevraud Abbey in Anjou .
The Republic of Ireland Act 1948 provided a description of the state as '' the Republic of Ireland '' ( ) .
It brands itself as '' Australia 's first inland city '' , although this is a claim that the city of Bathurst also makes .
Typo word = '' Economy '' find = '' b ( E e ) c ce onom ( w + ) b '' replace = '' $ 1conom $ 2 '' \/O/ )
Mangwal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 33 6 ' 30N 72 49 ' 32E .
It was originally called Safari Village , as Discovery Island was the name for the small zoological park located in Walt Disney World 's Bay Lake .
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
For ease of correcting errors in newly added rules , please add new rules at the top of this section .
Gauchy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It can be expressed for example as a percentage .
Howe was born at Pontefract , Yorkshire , England , son of Thomas Howe and his wife Elizabeth .
Uncrowned pieces ( '' men '' ) move one step diagonally forwards and capture other pieces by making two steps in the same direction , jumping over the opponent 's piece on the intermediate square .
For his detractors , primarily US Secretary of State Warren Christopher and U.N. Ambassador Madeleine Albright , he came to symbolise the UN 's alleged inaction in the face of humanitarian crises .
Desmarest was born at Soulaines , in the department of Aube .
Meanwhile , Christmas visits his girlfriend , Lacy ( Charisma Carpenter ) , whom he discovers has left him for another man , who is actually abusive towards Lacy .
The film , completed with a budget of $ 2 million , was the first film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture ( then called '' Best Picture , Production '' ) for the film year 1927\/1928 ( and was the only silent film to win ) , and won a second Academy Award for Engineering Effects .
It is connected to Milan through a net of channels called navigli , which Leonardo da Vinci helped design .
Excerpted from Jean Peters , ed/O. , Book Collecting : A Modern Guide ( New York and London : R. R. Bowker , 1977 ) , 97-101 .
Engi is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
At high altitudes , Neptune 's atmosphere is 80 % hydrogen and 19 % helium .
Psalm 151 is the name given to a short psalm that is found in most copies of the Septuagint but not in the Masoretic text of the Hebrew Bible .
The Queen 's Gambit is a chess opening that starts with the moves 1 .
Hymenoptera is one of the larger orders of insects , comprising the sawflies , wasps , bees , and ants .
May 22 -- The Hashshashin attempt to murder Saladin near Aleppo .
Sir Roger Penrose OM FRS ( born 8 August 1931 ) is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute , University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .
Being amphibious , they are uniquely adapted to intertidal habitats , unlike most fish in such habitats which survive the retreat of the tide by hiding under wet seaweed or in tidal pools .
Students at Cornell indicated that they may continue to use Wikipedia as a quick source of information , though they would not cite it in scholarly work .
The Second-in-Command of a battalion or regiment is usually a Major .
Maemo is mostly based on open source code , and has been developed by Maemo Devices within Nokia in collaboration with many open source projects such as the Linux kernel , Debian , and GNOME .
April 21 -- Geraldo Rivera opens Al Capone 's secret vault on The Mystery of Al Capone 's Vault , discovering only a bottle of moonshine .
Baldheri is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , Administrative Units of District Abbottabad the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
Table number 4 , 14 , 24 , etc. are also often left out in wedding dinners or other social gatherings in these countries .
Kanda University of International Studies or KUIS is a private university located in Makuhari , Chiba City , Japan . The university was founded in 1987 as an extension of Kanda Institute of Foreign Languages in Tokyo .
Calamus is a city in Clinton County , Iowa , United States .
Skull Ring is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop with backing collaborations by bands including The Stooges , The Trolls , Green Day , Sum 41 , and Peaches .
Hall was shot dead on May 5 , 1865 near Forbes , New South Wales .
Births are usually timed for the beginning of winter ( May and June ) or late spring ( October and November ) .
Gellar learned that she needed clearance from the Japanese government to remove the sword from the country and , after eventually succeeding , stated that it was '' incredibly difficult '' to do .
Annales des empereurs du japon , p. 15-18 ; Varley , Paul .
The center of the seal is a shield adorned with a tranquil scene of a moose resting in a field bordered by water and woods , pine tree stand tall directly behind the moose .
The Nintendo 3DS is a portable game console produced by Nintendo . A distinguishing feature of the system is its ability to produce '' 3D effects without the need for any special glasses '' via a process called autostereoscopy .
Predators Many predators such as martens , raccoons , owls , hawks , coyotes , foxes , snakes , the red tailed hawk , weasels and cats eat voles .
In Tasmania , escaped convicts who became bushrangers were known as '' bolters '' .
He asserted that he required anonymity to avoid cyberstalking .
Historically Hereford has been the county town of Herefordshire .
Fletcher Christian ( 25 September 1764 -- 20 September 1793 ) was a master 's mate on board the Bounty during William Bligh 's fateful voyage to Tahiti for breadfruit plants ( see Mutiny on the Bounty ) .
Kamoke is a Tehsil of Gujranwala District located on the Grand Trunk Road , it is headquartered at K moke which is approximately 40km from Gujranwala - the district capital .
can end a sentence .
A popular destination was Alsace .
Hans Heinrich Lammers ( 27 May 1879 - 4 January 1962 ) was a German jurist and prominent Nazi politician .
The Persian Gulf , in Southwest Asia , is an extension of the Indian Ocean located between Iran ( formerly called Persia ) and the Arabian Peninsula .
The region takes its name from the Balkan Mountains , which run through the center of Bulgaria into eastern Serbia .
It has been translated into many languages , has become one of the world 's most widely read books , and has been the basis for several plays and films .
In biogeography , particularly phytogeography , the tabula rasa hypothesis about the origin of a biota in formerly glaciated areas refers to the idea that all species have immigrated into completely denuded land after the retreat of glaciers .
The term brush refers to devices with bristles , wire or other filaments , used for cleaning , grooming hair , make up , painting , surface finishing and for many other purposes .
His travels Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute .
is a Japanese football player who plays for Fagiano Okayama F.C. in the J. League Division 2 .
The NHL All-Star Game SuperSkills Competition , originally known as the National Hockey League All-Star Skills Competition , is an event on the night preceding the All-Star Game .
Lashley won the match and the ECW World Championship after pinning Big Show following a spear .
Radiometric dating ( often called radioactive dating ) is a technique used to date materials such as rocks , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .
Dating back to pre-Roman times , the town of Pavia ( then known as Ticinum ) was a municipality and an important military site ( a castrum ) under the Roman Empire .
The fate of her three-man crew remains unknown , and the circumstances in which they disappeared are mysterious and have been compared to that of the Mary Celeste .
Twilight lavender is a color formulated by Crayola in 1990 as one of the colors in its Silver Swirls specialty box of metallic colors .
Agrippina the Elder accuses Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso of having assassinated her husband Germanicus Julius Caesar in Antioch .
He served as the 52nd Governor of New Jersey from January 15 , 2002 , until November 15 , 2004 , when he resigned from office .
It achieved great popularity as an alcoholic drink in late 19th - and early 20th-century France , particularly among Parisian artists and writers .
Since 1997 they have been consistent playoff contenders , and won Super Bowl XXXVII at the end of the 2002 season .
Looking for an outlet for his ideas , O'Neill wrote a paper titled '' The Colonization of Space '' , and for four years attempted to have it published .
The north side became completely operational September 7 , 2005 with the implementation of generator No. 9 .
The or is the second division of and is the second-tier professional association football league in Japan .
He was an eclectic philosopher who adopted many principles of the Milesian school , especially the single material principle , which he identified as air .
The Monarchy bore the full name internationally of '' The Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Crown of St. Stephen '' .
Commentary for '' Selma 's Choice '' , in The Simpsons : The Complete Fourth Season [ DVD ] .
At the 2006 census , Forbes had a population of 8,954 .
The Ranger Uranium Mine , one of the most productive Uranium mines in the world , is contained within the park .
The Orchestra has successfully toured in United States , Japan , South Korea and Western Europe .
Perhaps more significantly , the film proved to be a massive commercial failure , making back only $ 3 million of its $ 25 million budget .
The bulbous growth is used for various activities , it is used to generate a resonant hum during vocalization , it acts as a visual lure for attracting females and it is also used to make bubbles which have been associated with the mating rituals of the species .
The National Mall 's status as a wide , open expanse at the heart of the capital makes it an attractive site for protests and rallies of all types .
An arpeggio is a group of notes which are played one after the other , either going up or going down .
In 1863 , Grieg went to Copenhagen , Denmark , and stayed there for three years .
In anatomy , the term ligament is used to denote any of three types of structures . Most commonly , it refers to fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones and is also known as articular ligament , articular larua , fibrous ligament , or true ligament .
Although its legal status is disputed , it is the effective boundary between China and India .
In 1861 , it was moved to the Triebisch river valley of Meissen , where the porcelain factory can still be found today .
Types A double pedal is two pedal tones played simultaneously .
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography .
There are currently 32 Rebel Autonomous Zapatista Municipalities ( MAREZ ) affiliated with the EZLN in Chiapas .
Thin Lizzy are an Irish hard rock band formed in Dublin in 1969 .
It is the largest indoor amusement park in the world and features 24 rides and attractions .
iBluegrass.com .
In addition to manufacturing automobiles , Toyota provides financial services through its Toyota Financial Services division and also builds robots .
It is mainly gray-reddish with silver celadon areas on their coat .
Since then , the project has followed a schedule of a release every six months , each of which is maintained and supported for one year .
Home to Cameroon 's largest port and its major international airport , Douala Airport , it is the commercial capital of the country .
In June selected members of the orchestra played for an hour on the main pyramid stage at Glastonbury Festival .
Figaro is happily measuring the space where the bridal bed will fit while Susanna is trying on her wedding bonnet in front of the mirror ( in the present day , a more traditional French floral wreath or a modern veil are often substituted , often in combination with a bonnet , so as to accommodate what Susanna happily describes as her wedding '' capellino '' ) .
March 5 , 1991 : Allan Bester traded from Toronto to Detroit for Detroit 's sixth round pick in 1991 Entry Draft .
At Over the Limit , Swagger retained the title against The Big Show by intentionally disqualifying himself .
The approximate angular width of the jet ( that is , the degree of beaming ) can be estimated directly by observing '' jet breaks '' in afterglow light curves : a time after which the slowly-decaying afterglow abruptly begins to fade rapidly as the jet slows down and can no longer beam its radiation as effectively .
'' Mankind '' , a song by Pearl Jam from their 1996 album No Code
Kowloon is located north of Hong Kong Island and south of the mainland part of the New Territories .
For example , the previous emperor is usually called Hirohito in English , although he was never referred to as Hirohito in Japan ( for it is thought to be blasphemous to pronounce the true name of the Emperor ) and was renamed Sh wa Tenn after his death , which is the only name that Japanese speakers currently use when referring to him .
The initial results were a disaster for the United States ; the area around the Kasserine Pass is the site of many US war graves from that time .
In 1959 , he was appointed to the Civil Aeronautics Board by US President Dwight Eisenhower .
Ely Cathedral ( in full , The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Ely ) is the principal church of the Diocese of Ely , in Cambridgeshire , England , and the seat of the Bishop of Ely .
Fire blight , also written as fireblight , is a contagious disease affecting apples , pears , and some other members of the family Rosaceae .
Kaltag was named by Russians for the Koyokon man named Kaltaga .
He was a member of the American Academy of Independent Scholars ( 1979 ) and a Distinguished Scholar of the California Institute of Technology ( 1984 ) .
Georgia was established in 1732 , the last of the original Thirteen Colonies .
Masaaki Mori is a former Japanese football player .
At the time this treaty was signed , it was not seen as the last word on the Polish border in West Germany Johnson , Edward Elwyn .
Sculptors such as Veit Stoss , Adam Kraft and Peter Vischer are also associated with Nuremberg .
The movie by director Fran Rubel Kuzui was not well liked by critics and audiences .
Kuta is administratively a district ( kecamatan ) and subdistrict\/village ( kelurahan ) in southern Bali , Indonesia .
On the night of April 24 , 1915 , the Ottoman government rounded-up and imprisoned an estimated 250 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders .
In the early 1980s , NASA planned to launch a modular space station called Freedom as a counterpart to the Soviet Salyut and Mir space stations , while the Soviets were planning to construct Mir-2 in the 1990s as a replacement for Mir .
Fluxbox is an X window manager based on Blackbox 0.61.1 .
A black hole is a region of space from which nothing , not even light , can escape .
Documentary film Léon Theremin is the subject of the feature length documentary film , Theremin : An Electronic Odyssey , written , directed , and produced by Steven M. Martin .
In 18th century France the fanfare was a movement with energy and repetition of notes , and fanfares of the modern description date from the 19th century , when they were composed for British coronations ( such as Hubert Parry 's I was glad for Edward VII ) and other important occasions .
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School ( also known as PA Cyber ) is an online school , designed as an alternative to regular schooling .
Some of the largest Calvinist communions were started by 19th and 20th century missionaries .
For some beginning wind instrument students , however , D major is not a very suitable key , since it transposes to E major on B-flat wind instruments , and beginning methods generally tend to avoid keys with more than three sharps .
During the presidential election campaign , the major-party candidates ran on a platform of change and reform in Washington .
Aritatsu Ogi ( born December 10 , 1942 in Hiroshima , Japan ) is a former Japanese football player .
Zoe ( and variants ) is a feminine first name , which came from ancient Greece and means '' life '' in Greek .
A Bayesian network , belief network or directed acyclic graphical model is a probabilistic graphical model that represents a set of random variables and their conditional dependences via a directed acyclic graph ( DAG ) .
Dingle is a town in County Kerry , Ireland .
Aang appeared in Escape from the Spirit World , an online video game that can be found on Nickelodeon 's official website .
Yochanan Vollach ( , sometimes spelled Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach , born 14 May 1945 ) is a former Israeli footballer .
Year 11 ( XI ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
Entertainment has traditionally been the reason for the creation of speedruns , as the phenomenon was originally devised by enthusiasts who began comparing each others ' playing skills via movies exchanged over the Internet , while verifiability stems from the necessity to provide evidence that one 's playthrough went by the typical or game-specific speedrun rules and thus counts as a valid attempt to beat the record .
Since June 2001 he has served as Governing Mayor ( ' ) of Berlin .
In block ciphers , they are typically used to obscure the relationship between the key and the ciphertext -- Shannon 's property of confusion .
After a heart attack in 2001 , Burnside 's doctor advised him to stop drinking ; Burnside did , but he reported that change left him unable to play .
Her albums have sold over 10.5 million copies in the United States .
The Stadium is thus undergoing expansion in order to host over 40,000 people during the event .
Tropical Depression Twelve-E formed August 25 from an area of disturbed weather in a rather easterly location .
He fights and bickers with Vyvyan and attempts to impress Mike .
'' Darlin '' was the second song Lavigne wrote as a 15-year-old while living in Napanee , Ontario .
From 1907 until 1973 there was a Sartell on nearly every City Council , the most prominent being Ripley B. '' Rip '' Sartell who was mayor for 31 years .
The club 's traditional kit colors are royal blue shirts , shorts and socks .
Matthias Herget ( born 14 November 1955 , in Annaberg-Buchholz ) is a former German football player who has also worked as a manager .
The 15-pin game port is pretty much non-existent on presently manufactured PCs , though adapters exist that allow older joysticks and controllers to connect via USB .
Eclagnens
That the CMB appears to be at a higher temperature on one side of the sky than on the opposite side , referred to as a dipole pattern , has been explained as a Doppler effect of the Earth 's motion relative to the area of CMB emission , which is called the last scattering surface .
All the main tribes of the Indian Territory ( later Oklahoma ) aligned with the Confederacy , but efforts to secure secession in Missouri and Maryland failed in the face of federal military action .
Crémant d'Alsace is a significant part of the wine production in Alsace , with 18 % of the region 's vineyards used for this purpose .
In physics , thermal conductivity , k , is the property of a material that indicates its ability to conduct heat .
The processors found inside modern CPUs and graphics processing units ( GPUs ) accommodate very powerful and very complex ALUs ; a single component may contain a number of ALUs .
The Last Judgment is a depiction of the second coming of Christ and the apocalypse .
The museum occupies part of the former RAF Sandtoft , an operational bomber base during the Second World War .
This template automatically detects the edit protection level ( semi or full ) of a page , and if it is on a template or file page , and modifies its appearance and how it categorizes the page .
Much of his material had a distinct jazzy jump blues feel , an influence that would characterize much of the most influential blues to emerge from California in the 1940s and 1950s .
September 25 -- September 26 , 1997 : After making landfall in Baja California , Hurricane Nora maintained tropical storm status into California and Arizona .
On March 27 , WWE will host its annual WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the Dodge Theater , where the Class of 2010 will be inducted .
The International System of Units ( abbreviated SI from the French Bureau International des Poids et Mesures ) is the modern form of the metric system and is generally a system of units of measurement devised around seven base units and the convenience of the number ten .
It was first released in South Korea on 31 August , 2001 for Microsoft Windows and has since been released in many other locales around the world .
In the 1707 event , the earthquakes were either simultaneous , or close enough in time , to not be distinguished by historical sources .
The stadium still bears his and his brother 's name .
Ballymena is a large town in County Antrim , Northern Ireland and the seat of Ballymena Borough Council .
The Albany Train Yard was also used to store a pair of ALCO PA diesel-electric locomotives from the mid-1990s to early-first decade of the 21st century .
Realms are either player versus player ( PvP ) , where open combat among players is more common , or player versus environment ( PvE ) , where the gameplay is more focused on defeating monsters and completing quests .
After retirement from professional football , Boniperti has been a president of Juventus and a deputy to the European Parliament .
Courtillers is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
, Ben 10 , Star Wars : The Clone Wars , Halo , and Gears of War .
The Toyota Way incorporates the Toyota Production System .
In that context , Tobin suggested a new system for international currency stability , and proposed that such a system include an international charge on foreign-exchange transactions .
Jackson County was created by the Florida Territorial Council in 1822 out of Escambia County , along with Duval County out of St. Johns County , making them the third and fourth counties in the Territory .
Giberville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The degree to which the weather of a certain region of Georgia is subtropical depends on the latitude , its proximity to the Atlantic Ocean or Gulf of Mexico and the elevation .
Chase was born Daveigh ( ) Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase after her parents , Cathy Chase and John Schwallier , divorced .
Once one has eaten at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living .
Cleanliness .
ship mill , floats near a river bank or bridge
In physics and mathematics , a pseudovector ( or axial vector ) is a quantity that transforms like a vector under a proper rotation , but gains an additional sign flip under an improper rotation such as a reflection .
Sana'a ( Arabic : & lrm ; , ; also spelt Sanaa or an ` ' ) is the capital of Yemen and the center of San ` a ' Governorate .
Some people pierce for religious or spiritual reasons , while others pierce for self-expression , for aesthetic value , for sexual pleasure , to conform to their culture or to rebel against it .
He shared a Courage C60 with Jean-Christophe Boullion and Laurent Redon in 2001 but it retired after 271 laps .
If points are equal , the goal difference and then goals scored determine the winner .
As pocket lint is an amalgamation of the contents of the pockets , pocket lint can be helpful when determining if drugs have been previously stored in the pockets , by testing it with various drug tests . In a survival situation , pocket lint can be used as kindling for starting a fire .
In 1929 , he conducted Salome at the Festspielhaus in Salzburg , and from 1929 to 1934 , Karajan served as first Kapellmeister at the Stadttheater in Ulm .
A lens with two surfaces is biconcave ( or just concave ) .
The was a satellite modem add-on for Nintendo 's Super Famicom system in Japan released in 1995 .
Gwion Llewelyn is the drummer , and Alun '' Gaff '' Gaffey is the guitarist .
Eucalyptus are the basis for several industries , such as sawmilling , pulp , charcoal and others .
The university was founded in 1927 by Bob Jones , Sr. ( 1883 - 1968 ) , an evangelist and contemporary of Billy Sunday .
Zutphen is a city in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands .
Saint Roch ( approximate date ; d. 1327 )
The county was on occasion referred to as Duns-shire or Dunsshire during the Victorian period and after , reflecting the fact that Duns had become the county town .
Qantas was founded in Winton , Queensland on 16 November 1920 as Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services Limited by Paul McGuiness , Hudson Fysh , Fergus McMaster and Arthur Baird .
The Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles present the very early Christians , then still very much a part of the Jewish scene , as frequenting both the Temple and synagogues , as well as meeting in private homes , frequently to '' break bread , '' a term that connotes both the sharing of an agape meal , and celebrating the Eucharist .
The processes and features caused by glaciers and related to them are referred to as glacial .
Earlier versions of the game used '' Basic '' , '' Trick '' , and '' Maniac '' , while the switch to '' Light '' , '' Standard '' , and '' Heavy '' was introduced in the Playstation 2 era .
As Flute the bellows-mender , he performed a drag parody of Dame Joan Sutherland in the mad scene of Lucia di Lammermoor .
Copper was hauled partially by mule trains , until the railroad was finished in 1904 .
The number of points of each lettered tile is based on the letter 's frequency in standard English writing ; commonly used letters such as E or O are worth one point , while less common letters score higher , with Q and Z each worth 10 points .
Warluzel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Mbabane , and Swaziland itself , depend on tourism and sugar exports .
Balto died at the age of 14 .
Kitos War ( 115 117 ) -- sometimes called the Second Jewish-Roman War .
Shacks were severely damaged by the strong winds , widespread tree damage was reported and many areas lost electricity service .
Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton was born on 7 January 1985 in Stevenage , Hertfordshire , England , and was named after American sprinter Carl Lewis .
Book 3 ( 428-425 BC ) Annual invasion of Attica .
Matt Groening conceived Homer and the rest of the Simpson family in 1986 in the lobby of producer James L. Brooks ' office .
Max Christian Friedrich Bruch ( 6 January 1838-2 October 1920 ) , also known as Max Karl August Bruch , was a German Romantic composer and conductor who wrote over 200 works , including three violin concertos , one of which is a staple of the violin repertoire .
As Stith Thompson points out , talking animals and the presence of magic seem to be more common to the fairy tale than fairies themselves .
In physics , the angular velocity is a vector quantity ( more precisely , a pseudovector ) which specifies the angular speed of an object and the axis about which the object is rotating .
Forestle was associated to Google until Google revoked the site 's search functionality after four days due to a dispute over whether their terms of service were being broken .
Sanjaya Joseph Malakar ( ; ; ; born September 10 , 1989 ) is an American singer who was a finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
Susan and Lucy witnessed Aslan 's sacrifice and resurrection .
According to comScore figures , it is the fourth largest British entertainment website with 2.1 million unique users on its news site .
Prunk was born in the small settlement of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu ( part of the municipality of Sevnica ) , in central Slovenia , which was then the German-occupied Lower Styria .
Gianluca Vialli ( born 9 July , 1964 ) is a former Italian football player .
It starred Amanda Bynes , Drake Bell , and Josh Peck , along with several performing artists who came and left at different points , such as John Kassir , Raquel Lee , and Nancy Sullivan .
According to traditional Rabbinic Judaism , God revealed his laws and commandments to Moses on Mount Sinai in the form of both the Written and Oral Torah .
Creation may refer to :
However , '' Grand Duchess '' is the usual English translation .
The eruption reached a value of 3 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index .
The player can achieve three basic rankings ( Redo , Mediocre , or High Level ) upon completing a game . A new level will be unlocked if the player gets the Mediocre or High Level rating on a level .
Maple syrup is made from reduced sugar maple xylem sap .
Kamrar is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
Prato , a city of Tuscany , seat of the homonymous province
In addition , it is home to a well-known cemetery , Forest Park Cemetery , currently under the jurisdiction of the town .
Impact Ingrid 's sheared circulation remained just east and northeast of the Lesser Antilles and dissipated without directly affecting any land .
Kansas is an American rock band that became popular in the 1970s initially on Album-Oriented Rock charts , and later with hit singles such as '' Carry On Wayward Son '' and '' Dust in the Wind '' .
Often an Old English letter was worn on the chest .
He finished primary school two years early , but struggled at high school , achieving only average marks .
This article is about the '' Circles '' ( Kreise ) of Germany .
Baseball is a bat-and-ball sport played between two teams of nine players each .
In 1999 , the American Film Institute ranked Tracy ninth among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time .
Kyocera Arena at Atlético paranaense 's official website The stadium is owned by Clube Atlético Paranaense .
Charles Stewart Parnell was born in County Wicklow , of Protestant gentry stock .
The Arya Chakaravarthi dynasty ruled over large parts of northeast Sri Lanka until the Portuguese conquest of the Jaffna Kingdom in 1619 AD .
Artists ' brush handles are commonly wooden but can also be made of molded plastic .
Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon .
Count Gottfried von Bismarck ( 1962 -- 2007 ) son of Prince Ferdinand von Bismarck , great-great-grandson of Otto von Bismarck
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints founded by Joseph Smith .
The Oprah Winfrey Show ( often simply referred to as Oprah or just O ) is an American syndicated talk show , hosted and produced by its namesake Oprah Winfrey , and is the highest-rated talk show in American television history .
North Korea wants the '' East Sea of Korea '' name to be restored .
The next match was John Cena versus John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield for the WWE Championship .
Jennifer Love Hewitt ( born February 21 , 1979 ) is an American actress , television director , voice actress , singer-songwriter , author , and film and television producer .
Iran is third , followed by Turkey , Russia , Italy and India .
A megalith is a large stone which has been used to construct a structure or monument , either alone or together with other stones .
The Newtonian telescope is a type of reflecting telescope invented by the British scientist Sir Isaac Newton ( 1643-1727 ) , using a concave primary mirror and a flat diagonal secondary mirror .
Emily Jordan Osment ( born March 10 , 1992 ) is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
was the 21st emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O21/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
Noel Ernest Edmonds , ( born 22 December 1948 ) is a British broadcaster and executive , who made his name as a DJ on BBC Radio 1 in the UK . He has presented many light entertainment television programs , including Multi-Coloured Swap Shop , Top of the Pops , The Late , Late Breakfast Show and Noel 's House Party .
December 25 -- Baldwin I becomes King of Jerusalem .
The theory that the Chuka , Embu , Mbeere , Gicugu and Ndia ` broke away ' from the main Kikuyu group before arriving at Ithanga is plausible , but is contradicted by the oral traditions of various tribes , many of which include Ithanga in their histories .
It has a population of 30,500 (/O2008/O) and is the seventh largest town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania .
Despite hundreds of leads through the years , no conclusive evidence has ever surfaced regarding Cooper 's true identity or whereabouts , and the bulk of the money has never been recovered .
He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields , at once both a direct expression of the sensations of the observing eye and an abstraction from observed nature .
The Toyota Camry is a mid-size car , formerly a compact car manufactured by Toyota since 1980 .
'' God Gave Rock 'N' Roll To You II '' , '' Unholy '' , and '' Domino '' are the songs from the album that have endured as regular Kiss live staples .
He is also called Jedidiah in 2 Samuel 12:25 , and is described as the third king of the United Monarchy , and the final king before the northern Kingdom of Israel and the southern Kingdom of Judah split ; following the split his patrilineal descendants ruled over Judah alone .
She tells Hercules that Hera is angry and not to go to Mount Olympus for his own good , but he decides to go and Iolaus stays behind to entertain the Goddess of Love , but she leaves when an earthquake starts .
The service is operated by the commonly synonymous eighteen-carriage Class 373 trains which run at up to on a network of high-speed lines .
The Athenian Golden Age ends with the defeat of Athens at the hands of Sparta in the Peloponnesian War in 404 BC .
The establishment of a separate network was only made possible when Radio 4 became a fully national network and moved from medium wave to long wave .
His widow Henrietta Maria returns to her native France .
Two grades of coconut milk exist : thick and thin .
Rainfall can vary radically from year to year , and successive patterns of flooding and drought are common .
To the east , the Bucegi Mountains have a very steep slope towards the popular tourist destination Prahova Valley ( a.o. Bu teni and Sinaia ) .
It was followed three years later with By the Way ( 2002 ) , which continued their success .
On the other hand , while there are 30,000 Ladin speakers left , almost all children still learn it as their mother tongue , thus Ladin is not endangered in the 21st century .
It is found in Cameroon , Central African Republic , Ghana , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , and possibly Gabon .
From the beginning , Christians were subject to various persecutions .
Travel and research In 1735 Linnaeus moved to the Netherlands , where he was to spend the next three years .
Coulonges-Cohan is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Located on the River Pedieos and situated almost in the centre of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business centre .
The service allows users to upload files of up to 200 MB each for free and 10 GB for paid subscribers .
The singles '' Outshined '' and '' Rusty Cage '' were able to find an audience at alternative rock radio and MTV .
Charles Darwin wrote the first well-known treatise on carnivorous plants in 1875 .
The International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) has established six disability categories .
The city is governed by the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality , headed by Ron Huldai .
About 75 % of people experience '' limb onset '' ALS .
Auburn University ( AU or Auburn ) is a public university located in Auburn , Alabama , United States .
Its capital is the city of Affoltern am Albis .
Scott Young ( April 14 , 1918 & ndash ; June 12 , 2005 ) was a Canadian journalist , sportswriter , novelist and the father of musician Neil Young .
The 1992 Pacific hurricane season was the most active Pacific hurricane season on record .
Marske has a range of local shops and a mixture of light industries on the Longbeck Industrial Estate .
April 21 -- Geraldo Rivera opens Al Capone 's secret vault on The Mystery of Al Capone 's Vault , discovering only a bottle of moonshine .
You have created a country of the October , The able Motherland of free people .
In nature , chinchillas live in social groups that resemble colonies but are properly called herds .
Some hits by Ekimyan were chosen for the '' Song of the Year '' all-Soviet festivals during the 1970s - '80s '' Pesnya goda '' \/O/ '' Song of the Year '' festival 's archive ( 1976 -- 1982 ) .
Beast is covered in blue fur and has a genius level I.Q. , as well as heightened strength and agility .
Robin van Persie ( born 6 August 1983 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for English Premier League club Arsenal and the Netherlands .
The simplest removal option is to brush the paper with water .
Moyes ' father , David Snr is a scout at Everton and previously a coach at Drumchapel Amateurs where Moyes began his career , his full-time occupation was a draughtsman . Moyes ' mother , Joan hailed from Portrush in Northern Ireland and worked in clothes stores in Glasgow .
Parfouru-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
At the end of Yom Kippur , one considers oneself absolved by God .
Everton 's second successful era started when Harry Catterick was made manager in 1961 .
The Missouri Valley Football Conference has a convoluted history .
King Edmund , Queen Susan and Tumnus the Faun are visitors in the country of Calormen , where Prince Rabadash wants to force Susan to marry him .
In 1979 , Piper left BBC Radio Solent to join Two Counties Radio in Bournemouth , as the station 's first Programme Controller .
Hiroyuki Takeda is a Japanese football player .
Each pseudostem can produce a bunch of green bananas which when ripened often turn yellow or sometimes red .
Fluency shaping approaches are often taught in intensive group therapy programs , which may take two to three weeks to complete , but more recently the Camperdown program , using a much shorter schedule , has been shown to be effective .
Extending the head and both arms , or even the hand , into a car window to solicit .
Privacy : A person editing an article which is highly controversial within his\/her family , social or professional circle , and whose Wikipedia identity is known within that circle , or traceable to their real-world identity , may wish to use an alternative account to avoid real-world consequences from their editing or other Wikipedia actions in that area .
It is analogous to an animal 's skeleton .
Stuart is the only city in Martin County , Florida , on Florida 's Treasure Coast .
Myerson has worked on economic analysis of political institutions and written several major survey papers : '' Analysis of Democratic Institutions : Structure , Conduct , and Performance , '' Journal of Economic Perspectives 9:1 ( 1995 ) , 77 89 .
Calc is also capable of writing spreadsheets directly as PDF files .
Jack Beven and Eric S. Blake ( 2006 ) .
It is unfretted , and played much like a violin , being held horizontally under the chin .
A router is a networking device whose software and hardware are customized to the tasks of routing and forwarding information .
Originally , Jewish Christians met in synagogues , such as the Cenacle , and in one another 's homes .
Of a total of some 80 published compositions . nearly a half are currently available on CD , the most popular being the overture The Naiades Op 15 , the Chamber Trio Op 26 , and the Piano Concerto No. 4 , Op 19 .
Like the Nile , the Niger floods yearly ; this begins in September , peaks in November , and finishes by May .
Rockstar Games have developed their own game engine called the Rockstar Advanced Game Engine ( RAGE ) to facilitate game development on the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows , and Wii systems .
The superior court of the Isle of Man is the High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man , consisting of a Civil Division and an appeal division , called the Staff of Government Division .
The traditional recipe , registered in 1982 by the Bolognese delegation of Accademia Italiana della Cucina , confines the ingredients to beef , pancetta , onions , tomato paste , meat broth , white wine , and milk or cream .
In the Immunity Challenge , Koror had an early lead , but Ulong made a slight comeback .
The resulting strings are dipped in oil or molten wax , which seeps into the tiny holes of the material , resulting in smoother writing .
Langkawi is a duty-free island .
Intensive pronouns , also known as emphatic pronouns , re-emphasize a noun or pronoun that has already been mentioned .
In 2005 , Adobe Systems acquired Macromedia ; subsequently , in 2007 , Adobe Flash CS3 Professional , the next version of Macromedia Flash was released .
The series primarily focuses on Kyle Katarn , a character from the Star Wars Expanded Universe .
The capital and largest city is Tallinn .
Earthquakes are measured with a seismometer ; a device which also records is known as a seismograph .
In 1994 , engineers at Apple Computer code-named the Power Macintosh 7100 '' Carl Sagan '' in the hope that Apple would make '' billions and billions '' with the sale of the PowerMac 7100 .
On 27 January 2010 he signed for Premier League side Portsmouth on loan for the rest of the 2009 -- 10 season , and made his debut in the defeat at Manchester City four days later , coming on as a late substitute for Hayden Mullins .
Erlinsbach is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Their maternal grandfather was Numitor , rightful king of Alba Longa , a descendant of the Trojan prince , Aeneas and father to Rhea Silvia ( also known as Ilia ) .
This accomplished , the junta at once fell under suspicion , and Jovellanos was involved in its fall .
Most cases of HCC are secondary to either a viral hepatitide infection ( hepatitis B or C ) or cirrhosis ( alcoholism being the most common cause of hepatic cirrhosis ) .
The story of the Wistert brothers at Michigan began when Whitey 's Carl Schurz High School classmate John Kowalik was invited to visit the University of Michigan .
The 250,000 residents of Barbados spent the night of September 13 in shelters .
It is used for Test cricket , One Day International cricket , some rugby league and rugby union matches , and is the home ground for the New South Wales Blues cricket team and the Sydney Swans of the Australian Football League .
The match that followed was the Triple Threat match between Kurt Angle , Rey Mysterio and Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship .
This eye signaled the storm 's peak strength of 70 mph ( 110 km\/h ) , just below hurricane status .
The proof of a mathematical theorem is a logical argument demonstrating that the conclusions are a necessary consequence of the hypotheses , in the sense that if the hypotheses are true then the conclusions must also be true , without any further assumptions .
At the end of his life , he was adding some Wagner roles , including Loge from Das Rheingold .
After Sasuke defects from Konoha at the end of Part I , Sakura pleads for Naruto to bring him back , which Naruto promises he will do .
Hough , J.N. '' The Reverse Comic Foil in Plautus , '' The American Philological Association 73 ( 1942 ) , pp .
The Story of a Trooper ; with much concerning the Campaign on the Peninsula , ( 1861 -- 1862 , ) N. York , 1865 , 12mo .
The words were written in 1908 by vaudeville star Jack Norworth , who while riding a subway train , was inspired by a sign that said '' Baseball Today -- Polo Grounds '' .
Ternopol ' ) , is a city in western Ukraine , located on the banks of the Seret River .
Michael Howe ( 1787 - 21 October 1818 ) was a bushranger in Van Diemen 's Land ( now Tasmania ) .
The resurrection established Jesus as the powerful Son of God and is cited as proof that God will judge the world in righteousness .
ISBN 0140206590 .
The Synoptic gospels of Mark ( 1:14 -20 ) , Matthew ( 4:18 -22 ) , and Luke ( 5:1 -11 ) describe how Jesus recruited four of his apostles from the shores of Lake Galilee : the fishermen Simon and his brother Andrew and the brothers John and James .
Maihama Station is a train station operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and located in Urayasu , Chiba , Japan .
One of his most famous achievements was at the outbreak of the Second Punic War , when he marched an army , which included war elephants , from Iberia over the Pyrenees and the Alps into northern Italy .
The Dome of the Rock ( , translit/O. : Masjid Qubbat As-Sakhrah , , translit/O. : Kipat Hasela ) is an Islamic shrine and major landmark located on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem .
Yasuomi Kugisaki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Honda Lock S.C. .
Never Mind the Bollocks , Here 's the Sex Pistols is the first and only studio album recorded by the Sex Pistols , a highly influential and controversial English punk band .
The primary circadian '' clock '' in mammals is located in the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( or nuclei ) ( SCN ) , a pair of distinct groups of cells located in the hypothalamus .
Many large snowmaking operations ( like ski resorts ) use this type of compressor .
Later ( after Buddha 's death ) , the early Buddhist schools came into being due to various schisms , but there is still some unclarity concerning the specific schisms that occurred , and the order in which they occurred .
It is also , uniquely , the chapel of Christ Church , the largest college of the University of Oxford .
's first broadcast moved from Sky One to Sky Sports .
Frost and Kemp were married for 5 years and separated for 2 ; they divorced on 19 August 1995 .
WAVE or WAV , short for Waveform Audio File Format , ( also , but rarely , named , Audio for Windows ) is a Microsoft and IBM audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on PCs .
FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE The Free Software Foundation may publish new , revised versions of the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time .
Her mother , Dr Josiane Serre , was a chemist who became a President of a French university.Penelopes.org Her father is Fields Medal and Abel prize winning mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre .
China 's plan to be engaged in many places along oil and gas roads is evident .
Released on 3 September 2007 , Beyond the Neighbourhood was a self-produced collection of low-key songs , viewed as a disappointment by some , Beyond The Neighbourhood album review from Guardian Unlimited and an interesting sidestep by others .
A trowel is one of several similar hand tools used for digging , smoothing , or otherwise moving around small amounts of viscous or particulate material .
Louis de France ( 1 November 1661 - 14 April 1711 ) was the eldest son and heir of Louis XIV , King of France and of his spouse , Maria Theresa of Spain .
Conteville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is located in a most secluded part of Gulf of Kotor .
This category is for people who are publicly known as members or former members of the Church of Scientology .
Matt a fourteen your old boy living on Long Island in 1973 takes a job with Dan a clam digger so that he can earn enough money to buy a used Boston Whaler .
Other than four , the most common number of parts are three , five , six and eight .
Flesh is the biological tissue of a person or animal located between the skin and the bones .
Noel Ernest Edmonds , ( born 22 December 1948 ) is a British broadcaster and executive , who made his name as a DJ on BBC Radio 1 in the UK .
American Sign Language , or ASL , for a time also called Ameslan , is the dominant sign language of Deaf Americans , including deaf communities in the United States , in the English-speaking parts of Canada , and in some regions of Mexico .
Wood was in a relationship with singer Marilyn Manson , to whom she was engaged in 2010 .
Not long afterward , she indicated to a reporter that she was '' thinking of dropping out of women 's competition altogether . ''
This moth is found in North America from east of the Great Plains in the United States to northern Mexico and from Manitoba eastward through central Quebec to Nova Scotia in Canada .
It is commonly used to represent the speed of an object when it is traveling close to or above the speed of sound .
Proponents of Laserdisc argue that Laserdisc maintains a '' smoother '' , more '' film-like '' , natural image while DVD still looks slightly more artificial .
Dr. John Breeding , a controversial social critic of psychiatric practices who is closely allied with the Church of Scientology through its Citizens Commission for Human Rights , claims that '' Electroshock always causes brain damage '' .
A G-string ( alternatively gee-string or gee string ) is a type of underwear , a narrow piece of cloth , leather , or plastic , that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips , worn as swimwear or underwear by both men and women .
C.
Although actual residents are very few , the principality claims a world-wide citizenry of 13,000 .
Label = 13th Floor Records ( original ) Triple X (/O1989/O) Time Bomb Recordings (/O1995/O)
Jazz fusion to me is the hardest music to play .
The country is landlocked and mountainous , containing most of the Hindu Kush .
However , '' Control of the Knife '' is more inspired by reggae and ska , while '' Ca n't Speak French '' employs '' jazzy guitar changes '' and '' Black Jacks '' recall '' sixties psychedelica '' .
It is usually ( and misleadingly ) said that the electrons in this shell make up its valence electrons , that is , the electrons that determine how the atom behaves in chemical reactions .
The sound effect originates from a series of sound effects recorded for the 1951 film Distant Drums .
The lyrics are often in the extinct language Gaulish .
On March 6 , 2006 the storyline had Stratus confronting James , telling her that they needed time apart from each other .
Though his novels remain among the least-appreciated of his works , they have been given renewed attention via film adaptations by Satyajit Ray and others : Chokher Bali and Ghare Baire are exemplary .
University of Central Oklahoma & ndash ; Edmond , Oklahoma
The state is famed for its beaches and sand dunes , and the air is , according to NASA , the second-cleanest in the world after Antarctica .
Among his most popular works is his Tarantella in G minor and his Fantasia on a Theme by Schumann , both for piano solo .
Lester Russel Brown ( born March 28 , 1934 in Bridgeton , New Jersey ) is an American environmentalist , founder of the Worldwatch Institute , and founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute , a nonprofit research organization based in Washington , D.C. BBC Radio commentator Peter Day calls him '' one of the great pioneer environmentalists . ''
On New Years Day 1945 Lloyd George was raised to the peerage as Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor and Viscount Gwynedd , of Dwyfor in the County of Caernarvonshire .
Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ( commonly shortened to Alice in Wonderland ) is an 1865 novel written by English author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll .
Joseph Clifford Montana , Jr. , ( born June 11 , 1956 ) , nicknamed Joe Cool and Comeback Joe , is a retired American football player whose professional career in the National Football League ( NFL ) spanned the late 1970s through the mid-1990s .
The definition is : the body of law dealing with the private relations between members of a community ; it contrasts with criminal law , military law and ecclesiastical law .
There was also the death of Roland Ratzenberger at the Villeneuve Corner in the Saturday qualifying session , and the death of Ayrton Senna during the race itself at the 6th-gear Tamburello Corner .
Some sexually transmitted HPV types may cause genital warts .
Guarino da Verona , Italian humanist ( d. 1460 )
It is used to make chocolate , biscuits , baked goods , pharmaceuticals , ointments , and toiletries .
Yasuhito Suzuki ( born December 19 , 1959 ) is a former Japanese football player .
John Lubbock , 1st Baron Avebury PC , FRS ( 30 April 1834 -- 28 May 1913 ) , known as Sir John Lubbock , 4th Bt from 1865 until 1900 , was an English banker , biologist , archaeologist and Liberal politician .
It replaced lead ( II ) oxide in the production of certain kinds of glass such as optical crown glass . While lead oxide raised the refractive index , it also raised the dispersive power , which barium oxide does not alter .
Folds to Doctor Evil 's demands after seeing him play a clip from Independence Day , to show them what his laser could do .
He is also the founder of the production company Syncopy Films .
Established in 1960 in response to increasing attempts to silence voices of dissent by imprisoning writers , the Writers in Prison Committee monitors the cases of over 900 writers who have been imprisoned , tortured , threatened , attacked , made to disappear , and killed for the peaceful practice of their profession .
In Russia and Belarus it is called pirog ( ( pl .
It is situated in a valley on the River Elbe , near the Czech border .
Notably , he served as chairman of the Independent Working Group on the future of the United Nations and as one of three ` Wise Men ' appointed by European Commission President Romano Prodi to consider the future of the European Union .
Danson , Wendt and Rhea Perlman were the only actors to appear in every episode of the series .
In 1851 the Great Exhibition was held in Hyde Park , London , for which the so-called Crystal Palace was built .
Lavrentiy Pavlovich Beria ( or Beriya ; ; ; 29 March 1899 - 23 December 1953 ) was a Georgian Soviet politician , and chief of the Soviet security and secret police apparatus ( NKVD ) under Joseph Stalin .
They are divided into a smaller northern group with six islets , and a larger southern group , separated by a passage wide .
The infection is commonly transmitted to humans by allowing water that has been contaminated by animal urine to come in contact with unhealed breaks in the skin , the eyes , or with the mucous membranes .
freeholder
Waffles can be desserts and breakfasts .
'' Chaos Ridden Years '' refers to a documentary featuring interviews with band members about the history of the band , and footage of the band on tour .
Austin and Danielle were exiled together , while the winners enjoyed a big breakfast in a rain-soaked bed .
The severe Norman west front was also rebuilt by Hugh de Goldclif -- although how is uncertain , it was very costly but its ` rapid ' weathering and later alterations have erased all but fragments .
'' Life in the Cloudy Imperial Fishbowl , '' Japan Times .
Island of the Blue Dolphins is a 1960 American children 's novel written by Scott O'Dell .
Quaid had starring roles in the films Enemy Mine (/O1985/O) and Innerspace (/O1987/O) .
Topkap Palace is among those monuments belonging to the '' Historic Areas of Istanbul '' , which became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985 , and is described in Criterion iv as '' the best example s of ensembles of palaces ... of the Ottoman period . ''
Instrumentation is defined as the art and science of measurement and control .
The pitch is surrounded by four all-seater stands , the Sir Bobby Robson Stand , the Cobbold Stand , the South Stand and the Britannia Stand .
Glittering Treasures ) - Love Hina Again , Opening Be For You , Be For Me - Love Hina Again , Ending Yakusoku ( lit .
The population was 1,267 at the 2000 Census .
History In 1604 , Tomsk was established under a decree from Tsar Boris Godunov .
(/O2011/O) Absolute Midnight ( third book of the Abarat Quintet )
Since 19 November 2008 , the Prime Minister has been John Key of the National Party .
His management company was named NEMS Enterprises , after his family 's music stores , called NEMS ( North End Music Stores ) .
This article is about the jersey worn by the world champion in cycling .
Epstein was then offered a contract by Martin on behalf of EMI 's small Parlophone label , even though they had previously been rejected by almost every other British record company .
It is colorless , odorless , and tasteless , but highly toxic .
Rifled muskets of the mid-19th century were significantly more accurate , with the ability to hit a man sized target at up to .
Taupe ( ) refers to a dark grayish-brown color .
Lavatory - Lovestory is a 2007 Russian animated short film directed by Konstantin Bronzit , about a lavatory attendant who finds a flower bouquet in her tip jar .
Several options presented here have been discussed , months ago , in the talk-page , Template_talk : Convert .
Type O Negative is a heavy metal band from Brooklyn , New York City .
The Kingdom of Tungning ( ) is also sometimes called the Kingdom of Zheng ( Cheng ) ( ) or the Kingdom of Yanping ( ) .
Relationships in genetics and genealogy , such as Lineage ( evolution ) and kinship and descent
In 1793 , Mission San Antonio de Valero was secularized .
Almost a year later , in August 1981 , Voyager 2 continued the study of the Saturn system .
The Games were opened by Queen Elizabeth II , as head of state of Canada , and several members of the Royal Family attended the opening ceremonies .
Tony Brown was educated at Castle Rushen and has since been an electrician , being the proprietor of Tony Brown Electrics in Castletown until its closure in 2010 . He was elected as a member of Castletown Commissioners in 1976 , becoming Chairman in 1980 before being elected as the Castletown MHK in 1981 at his first attempt .
Sandro Salvadore ( 29 November 1939 4 January 2007 ) was an Italian footballer .
Gouy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Catalonia is divided into four provinces : Barcelona , Girona , Lleida , and Tarragona .
Woodbury is a city in Butler County , Kentucky , United States .
Robert H. Cobb , owner of the Brown Derby and the creator of the Cobb salad
Aldous Leonard Huxley ( 26 July 1894 - 22 November 1963 ) was an English writer and one of the most prominent members of the famous Huxley family .
Stacy London ( born May 25 , 1969 in New York , New York ) is a fashion consultant and media personality known primarily for her role as co-host on What Not to Wear , a reality program that features makeovers .
Izanagi retorts that a thousand and five hundred will be born every day .
Ian and Jenn tied 2-2 , and they were still deadlocked 1-1 after Tom and Katie re-voted .
Montigny is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to modulate , it is encountered in a small fraction of keyboard music , and has been most popular in Russian pieces .
Cabell '' Cab '' Calloway III ( December 25 , 1907 & ndash ; November 18 , 1994 ) was an American jazz singer and bandleader .
This sport and its champions were described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Karl Philipp Moritz , Christian Joseph Jagemann , Richard Colt Hoare , Jacob Burckhardt , William Wetmore Story , Giacomo Leopardi , Edmondo de Amicis , Giuseppe Baretti , Antonio Francesco Grazzini , Ottavio Rinuccini , Gabriello Chiabrera , Tommaso Grossi , Giuseppe Gioachino Belli .
Armor for Sleep was an American rock band from New Jersey , formed in 2001 and disbanded in 2009 .
Vire is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ralph Vaughan Williams was particularly pleased with their recording of his Oboe Concerto .
In the absence of significant aberrations , the smallest possible blur circle is the Airy disc , which is caused by diffraction from the optical system 's aperture .
Fushigi Boshi no Futago Hime
Saint-Selve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In the Olympian scheme , Zeus is the father of her twins , Pindar consistently refers to Apollo and Artemis as twins ; other sources instead give separate birthplaces for the siblings .
Zeus granted her wish , but she failed to ask for eternal youth for him and he wound up aging eternally .
December 24 & ndash ; Pope Boniface VIII succeeds Pope Celestine V as the 193rd pope after Celestine V abdicates the papacy on December 13 , only 5 months after reluctantly accepting his surprise election on July 5 , wishing to return to his life as an ascetic hermit .
Alden B. Dow ( April 10 1904 , Midland , Michigan -- August 20 1983 ) was an American architect ; he was the son of Herbert Henry Dow ( founder of the Dow Chemical Company ) and Grace A. Dow .
First made by Abbott Laboratories , the brand was bought by Chattem in 2002 .
Compare the Armenian dram for a currency whose name bears a similar origin .
The first verse , as originally composed , had an overtly patriotic stance , which typified its pre-first world war era .
The Lib Dems are the third-largest party in the UK Parliament , behind Labour and the Conservatives .
He was seen by many people as a national hero .
Twister is a 1996 American disaster film starring Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton as '' storm chasers '' researching tornadoes .
Finally , a microneedle approach , which is still in stages of development , seems to be the vaccine of the future , the microneedle , which is '' pointed projections fabricated into arrays that can create vaccine delivery pathways through the skin '' .
This was a compilation of his letters to Thomas Pennant , the leading British zoologist of the day , and the Hon .
The second - , third - , and fifth-generation iPod Shuffle uses a single 3.5 mm jack which acts as both a headphone jack and a data port for the dock . The dock connector also allowed the iPod to connect to accessories , which often supplement the iPod 's music , video , and photo playback .
He divided the Persian Empire into 20 provinces , each under the supervision of a governor or satrap .
They have been cited as an influence by various musical artists , including Metallica , Austin Chronicle Music Rush 's 30th Anniversary Tour .
For she brings with her a jar or , in most stories , a box containing '' burdensome toil and sickness that brings death to men '' ( 91 - 2 ) , diseases ( 102 ) and '' a myriad other pains '' ( 100 ) .
ISBN 0-9607000-0-5 Padmasambhava , translated by Erik Pema Kunsang ( 1999 ) Dakini Teachings .
Smith 's own plant collection is also held by the Society .
They had three children and it was rumored that Elizabeth was already pregnant at the time of the marriage .
and has branched into such as anti-pornography feminism , opposed by sex-positive feminism .
Blood , Peter , ed .
West Ham United In June 2007 , West Ham United signed Scott Parker for # 7 million .
The Ediacaran Period ( ; named after the Ediacara Hills of South Australia ) is the last geological period of the Neoproterozoic Era and of the Proterozoic Eon , immediately preceding the Cambrian Period , the first period of the Paleozoic Era and of the Phanerozoic Eon .
It was the first storm of the season .
Other types of bow The Chinese yazheng and yaqin , and Korean ajaeng zithers are generally played by '' bowing '' with a rosined stick , which creates friction against the strings without any horsehair .
Fibre-reinforced plastic ( FRP ) ( also fibre-reinforced polymer ) are composite materials made of a polymer matrix reinforced with fibres .
The resignation was considered a '' surprise '' , and both pundits and opposition politicians labeled it '' an overreaction '' .
( France : 18 ships of the line and 8 others .
A vulnerable species is a species which is likely to become endangered unless the circumstances threatening its survival and reproduction improve .
At , its nave is the longest of any cathedral in England .
Rutgers is the largest university within New Jersey 's state university system , and it was ranked 54th in the world academically in a 2008 survey conducted by the Institute of Higher Education at Shanghai Jiao Tong University .
According to the 2010 census of Pakistan , the district had a population of 5 million of which 60.07 % were urban , making it second-most urbanised district of Sindh .
Guildford is the county town of Surrey .
A video capture card inside a computer case is not part of the core computer but is contained in the case .
Brawl for the Wii in 2008 .
John Paintsil ( born 15 June 1981 in Berekum ) is a half French-Ghanaian ( as stated at Goal.com ) footballer who plays for Fulham .
A keen motorist ( who progressed from a motorcycle to a series of fast cars ) , he took a pragmatic approach .
The Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded once a year by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences . It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901 ; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , Nobel Prize in Literature , Nobel Peace Prize , and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
Maurice De Bevere ( December 1 , 1923 - July 16 , 2001 ) , better known as Morris , was a Belgian cartoonist and the creator of Lucky Luke .
The Druze ( , plural , dur z , druzim ) are a religious community found primarily in Syria , Lebanon , Israel , and Jordan , whose traditional religion is said to have begun as an offshoot of Islam , but is unique in its incorporation of Gnosticism , Neoplatonism and other philosophies , similar to other followers of Ismaili Shi'a Islam .
The underside is off-white to light gray but the demarcation between the sides is indistinct .
Sunny ca n't talk quite as well as the others because she 's only a baby ( possibly around one year old ) , but the baby noises that she makes are often very well translated into common English words by Klaus and Violet .
The Eastern Orthodox Church accepts Psalm 151 as canonical . Roman Catholics , Protestants , and most Jews consider it apocryphal .
It is referring to the integrated management of design on the level of management , organization and strategy as well as to the management of the design system of the company .
General reception The film received mixed reviews from critics .
M&M 's originated in the United States in 1941 , and are now sold in over 100 countries .
The Frankenwald ( Franconian Forest ) is a mid-altitude mountain range in Northern Bavaria , Germany .
However , his students pronounce it with two syllables .
Chantilly has some land area that is located in Loudoun County , Virginia .
Misao Tamai ( born December 16 , 1903 ) is a former Japanese football player .
As Opeth 's first international release , the album exposed the band to a wider global audience .
NepaLinux is a Debian and Morphix based operating system focused on desktop usage in Nepali language computing .
Chisels used in metal work can be divided into two main categories : hot chisels and cold chisels .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , and lozenge forms manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels .
The WWE reportedly suspended ten wrestlers named in the controversy , though Batista was not one of them .
He lost only one match over the year , and posted straight pool runs of 100 or more in 24 out of the 250 exhibitions .
It has been awarded 35 times to 30 different coaches .
One story says that she was exposed naked in the public square and a miraculous snowfall in mid-spring covered her nudity .
In an interview published in 1995 , Ayers characterized his political beliefs at that time and in the 1960s and 1970s : '' I am a radical , Leftist , small ` c ' communist ... ( Laughs ) Maybe I 'm the last communist who is willing to admit it .
Yuzo Tamura is a retired Japanese football player .
Geffen Records is an American record label , owned by Universal Music Group , and operated as one third of UMG 's Interscope-Geffen-A & M label group .
Let us assume the bias is V and the barrier width is W . This probability , P , that an electron at z = 0 ( left edge of barrier ) can be found at z = W ( right edge of barrier ) is proportional to the wave function squared , : .
Bracha Peli ( 1892-1986 ) was the owner of Massada , a publishing company in Israel , and the driving force behind the publication of The General Encyclopedia and Encyclopaedia Hebraica .
SC Magna Wiener Neustadt is an Austrian association football club based in Wiener Neustadt .
The group had several hit singles in the UK , Australia and the U.S. during the early 1980s .
The site today is located in modern day Israel inside Canada Park .
Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Dera Ismail Khan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Chicago Blackhawks ( spelled as Black Hawks before 1986 , and also known colloquially as the Hawks ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Chicago , Illinois .
As the infection progresses , muscle spasms develop in the jaw ( thus the name '' lockjaw '' ) and elsewhere in the body .
Established in 1672 for Bernhard , fourth son of Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe-Weimar , Saxe-Jena was reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard 's line in 1690 .
Anderson first began touring the U.S. in 1987 , and released her debut album in 1989 .
The Germans called this '' the final solution to the Jewish question ... '' from the Hebrew for '' destruction '' ) , was the genocide of approximately six million European Jews during World War II , a program of systematic state-sponsored extermination by Nazi Germany .
Early years Alexander Bell was born in Edinburgh , Scotland on March 3 , 1847 .
The Fedora Project is a project sponsored by Red Hat to co-ordinate the development of the Fedora operating system .
At the end of the 1980s , just before abandoning its entryist strategy , Militant led the All-Britain Anti-Poll Tax Federation , which , through a successful '' non-payment '' campaign , resulted in the defeat of Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's '' flag ship '' Community Charge legislation .
The Kansas Turnpike was built from 1954 to 1956 , predating the Interstate Highway System .
For her contribution to the motion picture industry , Claudette Colbert has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6812 Hollywood Blvd .
Lobamba is the traditional and legislative capital of Swaziland , seat of the Parliament and residence of the Queen Mother .
It became their sole developmental territory in early 2008 when they ceased affiliation with Ohio Valley Wrestling .
Fossil members of Loxodonta have only been found in Africa , where they developed in the middle Pliocene .
May 23 & ndash ; The Second Defenestration of Prague & ndash ; Protestant noblemen hold a mock trial and throw two direct representatives of Ferdinand II of Germany ( Imperial Governors ) and their scribe out of a window into a pile of manure , exacerbating a low-key rebellion into the Bohemian Revolt ( 1618 -- 1621 ) precipitating the Thirty Years ' War into armed conflict and further polarizing Europe on religious grounds .
When Thomas Jefferson moved into the house in 1801 , he ( with architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe ) expanded the building outward , creating two colonnades that were meant to conceal stables and storage .
Amuro released her third greatest hits album Best Fiction on July 30 , 2008 .
The penny sterling ( plural pence , abbreviation p ) is a subdivision of pound sterling , the currency for the United Kingdom .
When completed , the tower will be located on the east side of
As in other dromaeosaurids , the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified tendons and super-elongated bone processes .
Attacks and counterattacks swept across Miller 's cornfield and fighting swirled around the Dunker Church .
A related term is thermal energy , loosely defined as the energy of a body that increases with its temperature .
The municipality is officially unilingually Finnish .
Florence Nightingale , OM , RRC ( ; 12 May 1820 -- 13 August 1910 ) , who came to be known as '' The Lady with the Lamp '' , was a pioneering English nurse , writer and noted statistician .
Later it became a cloth mill demonstrating the change of industrial development in the city . Currently it is used as an apartment building .
Venetian proper can be distinguished from Venetian Italian , the variety of Italian influenced by local Venetian features that is also spoken in the region .
Year 1419 ( MCDXIX ) was a common year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The national flag of Argentina is a triband , composed of three equally wide horizontal bands colored light blue , white and light blue .
Norwood was born into a musically oriented family , his older sister Brandy is a multi-platinum recording artist , and his father Willie Norwood is a well known gospel-singer .
His father , Ferdinando , was a clarinetist and man-about-town .
Charles Wood ( 15 June 1866 12 July 1926 ) was an Irish composer and teacher .
Featured matches on the undercard included a No Holds Barred match between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon , a Casket match between The Undertaker and Mark Henry , a WWE Women 's Championship match between Mickie James and Trish Stratus and an interpromotional Money in the Bank ladder match featuring six participants .
Discussion of scientists as a special group of people who did science , even if their attributes were up for debate , grew in the last half of the 19th century .
Two of John Paul II 's earliest official visits were to Mexico in January , 1979 and Poland in June 1979 , where he was constantly surrounded by ecstatic crowds .
Authenticity provided Mobutu with his strongest claim to philosophical originality .
Ve ( , ) is the third letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the sound .
During his college days he transferred to United States and graduated from Miami University .
In physics and cosmology , the anthropic principle is the philosophical argument that observations of the physical Universe must be compatible with the conscious life that observes it .
Bonneville-sur-Touques is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
'' Ironic '' is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard and produced by Ballard for Morissette 's third album Jagged Little Pill (/O1995/O) .
Billboards where at the later stages of the investigation used in trying to find however did the murders , the billboards that was spread all over Tampa contained images of the Rogers women and a image of the hand-writing of the suspected triple murderer .
Direct current may flow in a conductor such as a wire , but can also be through semiconductors , insulators , or even through a vacuum as in electron or ion beams .
Brose Baskets is a German professional basketball club based in Bamberg , Franconia .
Bamberg is known for its smoked Rauchbier . The most famous is Schlenkerla 's Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier from the Heller brewery ; it can be enjoyed at the Schlenkerla tavern on the Dominikaner Strasse in the Old Town .
Although Freud 's theories on early childhood have been influential on the psychological community , research suggests that the overall pattern of parental attitudes has a much more concrete effect on how an infant will grow up .
Puzzle Quest : Challenge of the Warlords is a game developed by Australian company Infinite Interactive and published by D3 Publisher .
Central Europe is an area of the European continent lying between the variously defined areas of Eastern and Western Europe .
Noted as a strong defenceman who could contribute on offence , Bourdon represented Canada in three international tournaments , winning two gold medals at the IIHF World U20 Championship and a silver medal at the IIHF World U18 Championship .
The process of determining which antecedent was intended is known as anaphore resolution .
A low normal to low absolute lymphocyte concentration is associated with increased rates of infection after surgery or trauma .
An avalanche is a rapid flow of snow down a slope , from either natural triggers or human activity .
Letterkenny and the nearby City of Derry form the major economic region of North-West Ireland .
The is a period of Japanese history that marks the governance by the Kamakura Shogunate , officially established in 1192 in Kamakura by the first shogun Minamoto no Yoritomo .
The organization was established on May 12 , 1958 ( an effect of the Cold War ) as a joint command between the governments of Canada and the United States , as the North American Air Defense Command .
Sohawa is an administrative sub-division ( tehsil ) of Jhelum District , situated in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Monkeys are generally considered to be intelligent and , unlike apes , monkeys usually have tails .
You could instead run the program in Computing that derives , as on modern computers it is quicker to calculate than it is to download it .
Petroleum was discovered off the coast of the city in the 1990s , and has become an important export .
Ursula Kroeber Le Guin ( ; born October 21 , 1929 ) is an American author .
The National Socialist German Workers ' Party ( , abbreviated NSDAP ) , commonly known in English as the Nazi Party ( from the Ger .
The nation 's international economy was based on the wool trade , in which the produce of the sheepwalks of northern England was exported to the textile cities of Flanders , where it was worked into cloth .
Those who have the formal power to create legislation are known as legislators ; a judicial branch of government will have the formal power to interpret legislation ( see statutory interpretation ) ; the executive branch of government can act only within the powers and limits set by the law .
The fire broke out at about 4:30 pm on the afternoon of 7 February , and burned through Long Gully and Eaglehawk , coming within of central Bendigo , before it was brought under control late on 8 February .
He also became interested in Baroque music .
With their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010 , Heart made a return to their hard rock\/acoustic roots of the late 70s and scored top 10 success in the US Billboard 200 .
Beyond being a monastery , El Escorial is also a pantheon , a basilica , a convent , a school , a library , and a royal palace .
Guerrero used a DDT and Frog Splash maneuver on Angle that would result in a pin attempt ; Angle then recovered and secured Guerrero with an ankle lock hold .
He continues to play bass ; however now the parts are pre-recorded and are sampled in live gigs through an Apple Powerbook .
First of the Ottonian Dynasty of German kings and emperors , he is generally considered to be the founder and first king of the medieval German state , known until then as East Francia .
Battle of Shusha Nagorno-Karabakh List of Armenians from Shushi List of Azerbaijanis from Nagorno-Karabakh References External links Shusha : from A to Z Shoushi Foundation Shusha by Travel-images .
Methods of dress , preparation of food , application of cosmetics or other hygienic practices are all considered liturgical activities .
However , the terms are often used synonymously along with the term '' Battle Ready '' .
Lommiswil is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
However , the saltire design of the Alabama state flag also resembles that of several other flags , which has led to other origins being put forth as possibilities .
It is often used for chopping herbs or very large single blade versions are sometimes used for pizza or pesto .
These mosques have square or rectangular plans with an enclosed courtyard and covered prayer hall .
After two solid seasons at Alabama , Williams entered the 2003 NBA Draft , and was selected as the 47th pick of the second round by the Utah Jazz .
The pianist reprised the work again with the BSO at Carnegie Hall in New York in the presence of the composer on his 100th birthday .
In sociology , anthropology and cultural studies , a subculture is a group of people with a culture ( whether distinct or hidden ) which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong .
His loan was twice extended by a month , before he was recalled early to Upton Park after having spent seven weeks at The Den , his final appearance in a Millwall shirt coming in another away defeat to Crystal Palace on 7 November .
Boston is also the anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston , home to 4.5 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan area in the country .
Important battles were fought at Ticonderoga in 1758 and 1775 .
In 1934 , the Communists changed their line , and the four left-wing parties came together in the Popular Front , which won the 1936 elections and brought Blum to power as France 's first SFIO Prime Minister .
Aurelian called his sun god Sol Invictus to differentiate him from the earlier Roman god Sol .
Championship After four more wins , including victories over Lee Savold and Harry Matthews , Marciano faced the world heavyweight champion , 38-year-old Jersey Joe Walcott , in Philadelphia on September 23 , 1952 .
A common misconception is that soap increases the water 's surface tension , soap actually does the opposite , decreasing it to approximately one third the surface tension of pure water .
With the help of the Wee Free Men , the Nac Mac Feegle , 9-year-old Tiffany Aching finds out that her grandmother used to be the witch of the Chalklands , and that she has inherited the trade .
Singles match 17:53 10 Brock Lesnar defeated Kurt Angle ( c ) .
On September 5 , Fabian made a direct hit on Bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph ( 195 km\/h ) .
Ashamed , she jumped into a lake to take the form of a fish , but the waters would not conceal her divine beauty .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
The player selects the new character 's race , such as Orcs or Trolls for the Horde or Humans or Dwarves for the Alliance .
Project 's leader .
The award has been presented annually since 1924 , when Red Grange of Illinois was the award 's first recipient .
The founders and earliest practitioners of these religions ( e.g. Buddhism , Jainism ) lived extremely austere lifestyles refraining from sensual pleasures and the accumulation of material wealth .
Collaborators include Fabolous , Rap.about.com T-Pain , Brisco , Bobby Valentino , Betty Wright , Static Major , Robin Thicke , Kidd Kidd , Jay-Z , ThePremier ( February 25 , 2008 ) .
He met the Danish composers J. P. E. Hartmann and Niels Gade .
Burr , Vivien , '' Buffy vs the BBC : Moral Questions and How to Avoid Them '' Slayageonline.com ( March 2003 ) , p1 .
While the line Laga hai misr ka bazaar dekho changed to Laga hai husn ka bazaar dekho in the movie soundtrack , recordings had already sold in good numbers .
Asnelles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Thus , in this example , more light hitting the photoreceptor results in the transduction of a signal into fewer electrical impulses , effectively communicating that stimulus to the brain .
Les Authieux-Papion is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
By this name , this undomesticated animal entered Chinese mythology as the mount of Jiang Ziya in Fengshen Yanyi ( translated as Investiture of the Gods ) , a Chinese classical fiction written during the Ming Dynasty .
Lark Rise to Candleford ( 1945 , above three novels published as a trilogy )
Members of this genus range in size from 80-125 mm ( head and body ) and weigh 15-47 grams ( Nowak , 1999 ) .
A number of other desktop environments also exist , including ( but not limited to ) CDE , EDE , GEM , IRIX Interactive Desktop , Sun 's Java Desktop System , Jesktop , Mezzo , Project Looking Glass , ROX Desktop , UDE , Xito , XFast .
Number of speakers About a million people speak a Ripuarian dialect , which constitutes about one quarter of the inhabitants of the area .
The government of Somaliland regards the territory as the successor state to the British Somaliland protectorate , which was independent for a few days in 1960 as the State of Somaliland , before uniting with the Trust Territory of Somalia ( the former Italian Somaliland ) later the same week to form the Somali Republic .
La Scala was originally illuminated with 84 oil lamps mounted on the palcoscenico and another thousand in the rest of theater .
Dimmu Borgir ( in English ) is a Norwegian symphonic black metal band from Oslo , Norway , formed in 1993 .
Hindenburg was unenthusiastic about these plans , but was pressured into going along with them by his son along with Meissner , Groener and Schleicher .
Many locations in the state have similar names , such as Minnehaha Falls ( '' waterfall '' ) , Minneiska ( '' white water '' ) , Minneota ( '' much water '' ) , Minnetonka ( '' big water '' ) , Minnetrista ( '' crooked water '' ) , and Minneapolis , which is a combination of mni and polis , the Greek word for '' city '' .
It can refer to discrete-time signals that have a discrete number of levels , for example a sampled and quantified analog signal , or to the continuous-time waveform signals in a digital system , representing a bit-stream .
Michael Clapham ( L )
The members were Lawrence Livermore ( more commonly known as Larry Livermore ) on guitar and vocals , Kain Kong ( Kain Hanschke ) on bass and vocals and Tré Cool on drums and vocals .
Bartholomew JoJo '' Bart '' Simpson is a fictional main character in the animated television series The Simpsons and part of the eponymous family .
Missouri Although its surface circulation had dissipated , its circulation aloft remained intact and led to a burst of rainfall early on August 20 .
The buffalo-hunting industry became an important employer of Aboriginal people during the dry-season months .
Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 carry a gold-anodized aluminium plaque in the event that either spacecraft is ever found by intelligent life-forms from other planetary systems .
Kamaboko has been made in Japan since the 14th century CE and is now available nearly worldwide .
She was re-elected in 2009 with a larger majority and was able to form a governing coalition with the FDP .
Saint-Maixent is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
In June 1956 , the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956 was signed into law , granting funding to the nationwide Interstate Highway System .
In her last letter , she expressed her hope that her activities in Nili would bring nearer the realization of a Jewish national home for the Jews in Eretz Israel .
He accepted Hyde 's suggestion of Monroe for a small comedic role in All About Eve as Miss Caswell , an aspiring actress , described by another character as a student of '' The Copacabana School of Dramatic Art '' .
Pronville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Willie Tidwell , a government official in Upyer Mukluk .
Designated Uranus XXIV , it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
Big Dipper is the American term for the seven brightest stars of Ursa Major , called the Plough in Britain .
The International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) is an international industry trade group of airlines headquartered in Montreal , Canada , where the International Civil Aviation Organization is also headquartered .
The nematodes or roundworms ( phylum Nematoda ) are the most diverse phylum of pseudocoelomates , and one of the most diverse of all animals .
A religious denomination is a subgroup within a religion that operates under a common name , tradition , and identity .
Hocquinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sarah Lois Vaughan ( March 27 , 1924 & ndash ; April 3 , 1990 ) was an American jazz singer , described by Scott Yanow as having '' one of the most wondrous voices of the 20th century '' .
In December 1893 , the Cayce family moved to Hopkinsville , Kentucky and occupied 705 West Seventh , on the south-east corner of Seventh and Young Street .
Set theory is the branch of mathematics that studies sets , which are collections of objects .
A Child of Our Time is an oratorio written by Michael Tippett between 1939 and 1941 .
Former Rangers manager Alex McLeish accused the SPL of taking Scottish football '' back to the Dark Ages '' after its decision to scrap the mid-season hiatus .
It was a part of the Nurpur princely state ruled by the Rajputs prior to 1849 A.D./O. It is a meeting point of the three northern states of Punjab , Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir .
The volcanic island of Saint Lucia is more mountainous than many other Caribbean islands , with the highest point being Mount Gimie , at 950 m above sea level .
With an outline for the first book of Prelude to Dune series written and a proposal sent to publishers , Brian Herbert had discovered his father 's 30-page outline for a sequel to Chapterhouse Dune which the elder Herbert had dubbed Dune 7 .
For other uses of the term sleepwalking , see sleepwalking ( disambiguation ) .
Although this game was never released outside of Japan , a sequel entitled Rhythm Tengoku Gold was released for the Nintendo DS on July 31 , 2008 , and was released internationally as Rhythm Heaven in North America , Australasia , and as Rhythm Paradise in Europe .
She has appeared in numerous advertising campaigns , including Iceberg Vodka , GUESS , Tommy Hilfiger , Christian Dior , and Marciano .
The Emperor of Jin China surrenders to the Mongols under Genghis Khan , who have besieged Beijing for a year .
You may use non-breaking spaces ( ) to obtain spaces or to have labels that have spaces .
Arad ( ; , ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in Cri ana ( most of it ) and Banat ( south of the Mures\/Maros river ) , with the capital city at Arad ( population : 185,272 ) .
The country 's official language is Thai .
Charizard is voiced by Shin-ichiro Miki in Japanese and English .
Sunja 69 km 69 km Sava 25 .
Sarawak is one of two Malaysian states on the island of Borneo .
Though the poems were admired for their spontaneous fervor and fluency , it was the collection that followed four years later in 1826 ( Odes et Ballades ) that revealed Hugo to be a great poet , a natural master of lyric and creative song .
Proteins are also necessary in animals ' diets , since animals can not synthesize all the amino acids they need and must obtain essential amino acids from food .
Her family 's steadfast support was critical to Austen 's development as a professional writer .
After Heyman left , there was no ECW authority figure until August 14 , 2007 , when Armando Estrada was announced as the General Manager .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force ( also known as ATHF ) is an American animated television series shown on Cartoon Network as part of its Adult Swim late-night programming block , as well as Teletoon in Canada .
Dierrey-Saint-Julien is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Mills , A. , Oxford Dictionary of London Place Names , (/O2001/O)
On November 14 , 2003 , Martin succeeded Jean Chrétien as leader of the Liberal Party and became Prime Minister on December 12 , 2003 .
The last of the Presocratic natural philosophers was Diogenes of Apollonia from Thrace ( born c. 460 BCE ) .
His brother , Benjamin Zimmer , is a linguist .
June -- Pope Gregory VII is besieged in Castel Sant ` Angelo by Henry IV , Holy Roman Emperor .
For example , '' no human lives forever '' is not falsifiable since it does not seem possible to prove wrong .
Previously engaged to actress Shar Jackson , Federline is best known for his two-year marriage to pop singer Britney Spears .
Rainbands in advance of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts are associated with weak upward motion , and tend to be wide and stratiform in nature .
In 1992 , he also released the EPs Xylem Tube EP and Digeridoo ( first played by DJ Colin Faver on London 's Kiss FM ) as Aphex Twin , as Power-Pill the Pac-Man EP based on the arcade game Pac-Man , and two of his four Caustic Window EPs .
The original concept was that , in months when the WWF was not holding one of its major PPV events ( WrestleMania , King of the Ring , SummerSlam , Survivor Series , and Royal Rumble , which at the time ran for three hours and retailed for $ 29.95 ) , they would offer a two-hour PPV , priced at $ 19.95 .
In modern times actual goldsmiths are rare .
Pet Syrian hamsters are descended from hamsters first found and captured in Syria by zoologist Israel Aharoni .
History of print based video gaming magazines The first magazine to cover the video game industry which is still in continuous publication is the subscription only , trade periodical Play Meter magazine which began publication in 1974 and covered the entire coin-operated entertainment industry .
Throughout the rest of the film , it is occasionally interrupted to have Timon and Pumbaa comment on whatever is happening .
Year 499 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar .
In the second half of the 19th century , modern tournament play began , and the first world chess championship was held in 1886 .
A substratum is a language which has lower power or status than another , while a superstratum is the language that has higher power or status . Both substratum and superstratum languages influence each other , but in different ways .
He wrote that '' any star which rises and sets always rises and sets at the same point in the horizon . ''
This move , however , was not granted legitimacy by the international community , and Yugoslavia was considered completely dissolved into five successor states : Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Slovenia and FR Yugoslavia ( later renamed into '' Serbia and Montenegro '' ) .
Agriculture is also observed in certain species of ant and termite .
The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning '' red people '' , and is known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State .
Richard Herrmann ( 28 January 1923 in Katowice , Poland - 27 July 1962 ) was a German football ( soccer ) player .
Boing is an Italian TV channel marketed at children and teenagers , produced and broadcast in Italy by Mediaset .
It is classified as a chordophone by the Harvard Dictionary of Music and only types of harps are in that class of instruments with plucked strings .
Most sovereign states are states de jure and de facto ( i.e. they exist both in law and in reality ) .
A vocation , from the Latin vocare ( verb , to call ) , is a term for an occupation to which a person is specially drawn or for which they are suited , trained or qualified .
Rogatien Rosaire '' Rogie '' Vachon ( born September 8 , 1945 ) is a retired French-Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens , Los Angeles Kings , Detroit Red Wings , and Boston Bruins in the National Hockey League .
These heavy chain-only antibodies , which were discovered in 1993 , probably developed 50 million years ago , after camelids split from ruminants and pigs , according to biochemist Serge Muyldermans .
At his death , the Visigoths were the most powerful of the successor states to the Western Roman Empire .
As well as a high school there are elementary schools in the public ( Kinnwood Central Public School ) and separate ( St. John Fisher ) school systems .
Elroy Finn is also following in his father and brother 's musical footsteps as drummer for the psychobilly band The Tricks and has been filling in on drums for Cut Off Your Hands .
Helmut Kremers ( born March 24 , 1949 ) is a former German football player .
Typically , due to the high current draw when starting the pump motor , hydraulic elevators are n't run using standard emergency power systems .
A county council is the elected administrative body governing an area known as a county .
bar :1861 from : 0 till :7403
Chester ( ) is a city in Cheshire , England .
Hurricane Gloria began as a large African disturbance and became Tropical Depression Seventeen on September 4 off the northwestern African coast .
After the independence of India and Pakistan , the League continued as a minor party in India , especially in Kerala , where it is often in government within a coalition with others .
TDL Group announced in March 2006 , in response to a request by Chief of the Defense Staff , General Rick Hillier , its commitment to open a franchised location at the Canadian Forces operations base in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
Because of its effects , the name Michelle was retired in the spring of 2002 and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
Weedy Seadragons are named for the weed-like projections on their bodies that camouflage them as they move among the seaweed beds where they are usually found .
He also shows Rosina the letter she wrote to '' Lindoro '' , and convinces her that Lindoro is merely a flunky of Almaviva .
Amherst may refer to :
Theuriet received in 1890 the ' from the French Academy , of which he became a member in 1896 .
He was the President of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
Guity Novin was born in an educated middle class family in Kermanshah , Iran .
; Political campaigns : FSF sponsors a number of campaigns against what it perceives as dangers to software freedom , including software patents , digital rights management ( which the FSF has re-termed '' digital restrictions management '' , as part of their effort to highlight their view that such technologies are '' designed to take away and limit your rights , '' ) and user interface copyright .
Caumont is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Archibald Bulloch Roosevelt , Jr. , grandson of the former U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt , wrote in '' The Kurdish Republic of Mahabad '' that a main problem of the People 's Republic of Mahabad was that the Kurds needed the assistance of the USSR ; only with the Red Army did they have a chance .
Robson was created a Knight Bachelor in 2002 , was inducted as a member of the English Football Hall of Fame in 2003 , and was the honorary president of Ipswich Town .
Polynesia ( from Greek : '' polus '' many + '' n sos '' island ) is a subregion of Oceania , comprising a large grouping of over 1,000 islands scattered over the central and southern Pacific Ocean .
Michigan , Iowa , Minnesota , Louisiana and Wisconsin all received areas of over inch of rainfall as well .
professional bodies , including international organizations , state governments and secretariats may formally have their own definitions .
In its second phase , Synthetic Cubism , the movement spread and remained vital until around 1919 , when the Surrealist movement gained popularity .
Thalheim is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Lefaux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Soviet Union produced a quantity of social science fiction , including works by the Strugatsky brothers , Kir Bulychov , Yevgeny Zamyatin and Ivan Yefremov .
As with all chemical bonds , energy is required to break the bonds in ATP and energy is not released from breakage of these bonds .
Rheumatism or rheumatic disorder is a non-specific term for medical problems affecting the joints and connective tissue .
The Nintendo DS is the first Nintendo console to be released in North America before Japan .
It was challenged by cruiserweights at a maximum weight of 215 lbs .
They won four more championships by , and then went into one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history , which ended in , when the team won their sixth World Series Championship .
Canadian Tire ` money ' distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada .
The Pennines are a low-rising mountain range in Northern England and Southern Scotland .
Nickel Creek consisted of three permanent members : Chris Thile ( mandolin ) , Sara Watkins ( fiddle ) and her brother Sean Watkins ( guitar ) .
As of September 2 , 2007 , Noggin no longer airs any show produced by Sesame Workshop ( it has since premiered Pinky Dinky Doo , which is a Noggin Original produced by Sesame Workshop ) , but had new and old episodes ( September 8 , 2008 - present ) .
The first edition of Stern 's pioneering textbook The Principles of Human Genetics was published in 1949 .
The Shingo River is a tributary of the Suru River , and flows through the Ladakh region .
Settlement came after the discovery of gold nearby and the Post Office opened on January 1 , 1858 .
Heuss became a member of the German Democratic Party ( Deutsche Demokratische Partei , DDP ) , the political heir of the Fortschrittliche Volkspartei , in 1918 and was a member of parliament in the Reichstag from 1924 to 1928 and from 1930 to 1933 .
The role , created in 2000 after the London devolution referendum , was the first directly elected mayor in the United Kingdom .
About 20 % of the known species are benthic , that is belonging to the lowest zone of the ocean , or benthic zone , and can attach to algae and rocks .
Facebook is a social networking website that is operated and privately owned by Facebook , Inc. .
Moondyne Joe was given a ticket of leave in April 1871 .
Today , tourism is again the Kinneret 's most important economic activity with the entire region being a popular holiday destination .
Midnight Cowboy is a 1969 American drama film based on the 1965 novel of the same name by James Leo Herlihy .
Schismatic as an adjective means pertaining to a schism or schisms , or to those ideas , policies , etc. that are thought to lead towards or promote schism .
Texas Instruments announces the development of the first transistor radio .
All have evolved paddle-like tails for swimming and the ability to excrete salt .
Year 29 ( XXIX ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
King James I , who came to the English throne from Scotland in 1603 , had a keen interest in witchcraft .
Under European Union guidelines , only the product from Portugal may be labeled as Port .
The Maltings is a set of buildings , mostly dating from the 19th century , built on the banks of the River Ore near Snape , Suffolk , England .
Cleo Virginia Andrews ( June 6 , 1923 - December 19 , 1986 ) , better known as V. C. Andrews or Virginia C. Andrews , was an American novelist . She was born in Portsmouth , Virginia .
Escoville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He was last heard on the radio approaching the water after flying off the coast , unable to give his position , and crashed at sea : his body was found by the Brazilian navy near an offshore oil platform on July 4 , 2008 , one day before Couch 's interstate lawnchair balloon flight .
There are two primary classes of anchors -- temporary and permanent .
Pa n ( ) ( ) is the capital of the Indian state of Bihar and the second largest city in eastern India after Kolkata .
His family moved frequently to afford rent , but never left his hometown .
She will leave the newborn lying out for 4-5 weeks , longer than any other antelope .
Shearston trained as press correspondent with United Press and his first show business job was with The Tintookies , the Australian traveling puppet show .
