St. Tammany Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana , in the New Orleans Metairie Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The Peter , Paul and Mary trio came to an end on September 16 , 2009 , when Mary Travers died at age 72 of complications from chemotherapy , following treatment for leukemia .
Akio was the next scheduled entrant but was unable to compete due to being inadvertently attacked by Tajiri with his signature green mist he spat out of his mouth when Mysterio ducked .
He played his last game for Red Bull Salzburg in a friendly match against FC Bayern Munich , where he was substituted after the first 15 minutes .
Otto Rehhagel ( born 9 August 1938 in Essen ) is a German football coach and former football player .
The antennae are rather long , with the last ( third ) segment nearly as long as , or sometimes significantly longer than , the first segment ; the antennae are nearly as long as the fly 's face .
It 's a blueprint and functional description of requirements and design implementations for the various parts of a computer , focusing largely on the way by which the central processing unit ( CPU ) performs internally and accesses addresses in memory .
It is his duty to appoint the Prime minister of the Republic of Belarus with the consent of the House of Representatives , and to decide the structure of the Government of the Republic of Belarus .
There are over 1200 Amor asteroids known today . Under 200 of them are numbered , and over 50 of them are named .
The key exchange problem The key exchange problem is how to exchange whatever keys or other information are needed so that no one else can obtain a copy .
The Chicago Manual of Style , published by the above university
The most eminent and most reverend Lord , Lord ( First Name ) , Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church ( Last Name ) , Who takes to himself the name of ( Papal Name ) .
-- Book by Michael Stewart and Helen Deutsch , music and lyrics by Bob Merrill .
Nevertheless , Flora was almost certainly disrupted by the impact ( s ) that formed the family , and is probably a gravitational aggregate of most of the pieces .
Although he is known by many other attributes , Ganesha 's elephant head makes him easy to identify.Martin-Dubost , p. 2 .
The greatest example has been in his present job [ then , Minister for Foreign Affairs ] , where he has perforce concentrated on Anglo-Irish relations and , in particular the North ( i.e. , Northern Ireland ) .
The Philadelphia Flyers also played a division rival in the New Jersey Devils .
Yasunobu Chiba is a retired Japanese football player .
More than 20 mushers took part , facing a blizzard with & minus ; 23 F temperatures and strong winds .
General Sir James Abbott KCB ( 12 March 1807 -- 6 October 1896 ) was a British army officer in colonial India .
It has dense black fur .
Under a prolonged bombardment in the trenches near Reims , he was wounded and was sent to St. Rochus Hospital in Mainz to recover .
Southwest or south west is the ordinal direction halfway between south and west , the opposite of northeast .
He was born Samuel Coleridge Taylor .
At the tournament , she partnered Nathalie Dechy to win the women 's doubles title , her first Grand Slam title .
Appomattox is a town in Appomattox County , Virginia , United States .
Gabrielle Bonheur '' Coco '' Chanel ( 19 August 1883 -- 10 January 1971 ) was a pioneering French fashion designer whose modernist philosophy , menswear-inspired fashions , and pursuit of expensive simplicity made her an important figure in 20th-century fashion .
The city 's estimated population in 2003 was 60,200 residents .
The first public release of Lindows was version 1.0 , released in late 2001 .
The bells of the Clock Tower in London 's Palace of Westminster are tuned to the key of E major , with the result that the Westminster Quarters in their original setting employ the notes E , F-sharp , G-sharp , and B.
The brighter star is called the primary and the other is its companion star , comes , Pronounced or secondary .
They live in inaccessible forest and grassland regions of the High Andes .
There is some evidence that Haydn himself was not happy with van Swieten 's libretto , at least one particular aspect of tone-painting it required , namely the portrayal of the croaking of frogs , which is found during the serene movement that concludes Part II , '' Summer '' .
In 1310 , the Holy Roman Emperor Henry VII of Luxembourg marched 5,000 troops into Italy .
Prior to this , Tresca had supported the Bolsheviks , reasoning that a Communist state was preferable to a capitalist state , regarding Soviet Communists as allies in the fight against Fascism .
The cockpit , set at the extreme rear of the vehicle in the manner of a dragster , was lined with fake fur and featured a 11 '' General Electric '' 1-Touch '' portable television inserted in the console .
Less than 0.5 % of infants survive to adulthood , explaining why litters are so large .
Marcel Theo Hall ( born April 8 , 1964 , Savage , Maryland ) better known by his stage name Biz Markie , is an American rapper , DJ , comedian , actor , reality television personality and commercial spokesperson , best known for the single '' Just a Friend '' , an American Top 10 hit in 1989 .
This origin is , however , unclear and in dispute .
The two states united in 1964 to form the United Republic of Tanganyika and Zanzibar , which later the same year was renamed the United Republic of Tanzania .
The Governor-General of India ( or , from 1858 to 1947 , the Viceroy and Governor-General of India ) was the head of the British administration in India , and later , after Indian independence , the representative of the monarch and de facto head of state .
The Simple English Wikipedia uses fewer words and simpler grammar than the original English Wikipedia .
There is no age limit for editing Wikipedia or writing new articles .
Throughout his entire NHL career , Thompson accrued 81 shutouts , which is sixth all-time in NHL history , and was second to only George Hainsworth ( who had 94 ) when Thompson retired .
These territories became independent on August 17 , 1960 .
This category includes baseball players for the team known as the St. Louis Cardinals who play in the National League ( 1900-present ) .
An idiom is a word or phrase that means something different to what the words imply if interpreted literally .
Grand Junction is a city in Greene County , Iowa , United States .
A byte ( ) is a basic unit of measurement of information storage in computer science .
She was a daughter of Prince Ferdinand , Duke of Genoa and Princess Elisabeth of Saxony .
However , the place names in Kalevala seem to transfer the Kalevala further south , which has been interpreted as reflecting the Finnic settlement expansion from the South that came to push the Samis further to the north . Some scholars locate the lands of Kalevala to East Karelia , where most of the Kalevala stories were written down .
Radiative flux , the amount of energy moving in the form of photons at a certain distance from the source per steradian per second ( J m 2 s 1 ) .
Bennington appeared on DJ Lethal 's '' State of the Art '' and other work with Dead by Sunrise , while Shinoda did work with Depeche Mode .
( born 20 December 1948 ) is a Japanese naturalized British classical pianist .
' , a TV series based on the famous video game character
At that time , it was Japan 's worst civilian nuclear radiation accident .
Joseph ( Giuseppe ) '' Pini '' Wilson ( born 27 October 1945 in Darlington , England , UK ) is a former British-Italian footballer . Although born in Northern England , Wilson played the majority of his football career in Italy .
Saint-Pey-d ` Armens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The musée maritime fluvial et portuaire de Rouen is a museum dedicated to the history of the port of Rouen , which is one the greatest port of France .
At thirteen , Michelangelo was apprenticed to the painter Domenico Ghirlandaio .
The anthropomorphic echidna Millie was a mascot for the 2000 Summer Olympics .
The name is a portmanteau of the Spanish words escopeta ( shotgun ) and guitarra ( guitar ) .
Clement Richard Attlee , 1st Earl Attlee , KG , OM , CH , PC , FRS ( 3 January 1883 - 8 October 1967 ) was a British Labor politician who served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1945 to 1951 , and as the Leader of the Labor Party from 1935 to 1955 .
The club currently competes in the Football League One , the third tier of the English league .
Brooklyn South is a short-lived American ensemble police drama series that aired on CBS for only one season during the 1997-98 television season .
He also appears as one of four playable characters in Super Mario 64 DS and as a baby who can ride on Yoshi 's back in Yoshi 's Island DS .
A well-known exception is the trio sonata in Johann Sebastian Bach 's The Musical Offering , which is for violin and flute .
Aldgate East is a London Underground station located between Aldgate and Whitechapel in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Hexameter is a metrical line of verse consisting of six feet .
In July 2005 the band released the second part of their split-CD with their friends from Heaven Shall Burn , called The Split Program II .
The Hertz market for radioelectronics products in Nizhny Novgorod , Russia , is named after him .
In 1841 he wrote two of his four symphonies .
Time included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005 .
It was previously published under the name Flame !
Many of these characters are among those collected by the Grimm brothers . A movie based roughly on the Grimm brothers and their tales was made in 2005 , called The Brothers Grimm , starring Heath Ledger as Jacob Grimm and Matt Damon as Wilhelm Grimm .
Le Thuel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Until recently , most beryllium tweeters used an alloy of beryllium and other metals due to beryllium 's high cost and difficulty to form .
All children have to wear school uniforms in Ghana .
On April 21 , 2008 , the Bucks announced the hiring of coach Scott Skiles , formerly of the Chicago Bulls .
Popper received a Lutheran upbringing and was educated at the University of Vienna .
Unlike many schemes , RC5 has a variable block size ( 32 , 64 or 128 bits ) , key size ( 0 to 2040 bits ) and number of rounds ( 0 to 255 ) .
While some software might always be free , there would be a growing amount of software that was for sale only .
While populations appear stable , the narwhal has been deemed particularly vulnerable to climate change due to a narrow geographical range and specialized diet .
The metropolitan counties are a type of county-level administrative division of England .
Opus Dei , formally known as The Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei , is an organization of the Catholic Church that teaches that everyone is called to holiness and that ordinary life is a path to sanctity .
In Taiwan the legal birthday of a leapling is also February 28 in common years .
Originally published in Polish , it was written in collaboration with the Polish phenomenologist Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka . It combines phenomenological work with Thomistic Ethics .
Kaplan turbines with adjustable blade pitch are well-adapted to wide ranges of flow or head conditions , since their peak efficiency can be achieved over a wide range of flow conditions .
At this stage Suriname was made independent . Ferrier was selected as President of the country .
Mountain Brook is a city in southeastern Jefferson County , Alabama , and a suburb of Birmingham .
The city is located along I-10 , 11 miles east of Mobile and 150 miles southwest of the state capital of Montgomery .
His unfinished opera Die drei Pintos ( ` The Three Pintos ' ) was originally given by Weber 's widow to Meyerbeer for completion ; it was eventually completed by Gustav Mahler , who conducted the first performance in this form in Leipzig on 20 January 1888 .
The surviving Celtic languages preserve the Latin names , MacBain , Alexander .
The Royal Game of Ur , Senet , and Mancala are some of the oldest known games .
He normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always tragic , events .
By 500 BC Celtic culture covered most of the British Isles .
He built harpsichords , clavichords , organs , and fortepianos ; his modern reputation rests mainly on the latter two .
Salts are ionic compounds composed of cations ( positively charged ions ) and anions ( negative ions ) so that the product is electrically neutral ( without a net charge ) .
Around 95 % of them belong to the native Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria .
Its northern end is just to the west of the Ottawa River .
Bailleulmont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He conducted the orchestra 's first performances in the newly constructed Louise M. Davies Symphony Hall in September 1980 , including the nationally-televised gala .
James claimed to interviewers he had accidentally left an MP3 player labeled '' Aphex Twin -- unreleased tracks '' on a plane , containing a large set of new songs , and rushed the album release to preempt an Internet leak .
The Farthest Shore is the third of a series of books written by Ursula K. Le Guin and set in her fantasy archipelago of Earthsea , first published in 1972 .
It is named for General William Russell , a Revolutionary War soldier and frontier leader .
The Ninety-Five Theses on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences ( ) , commonly known as The Ninety-Five Theses , were written by Martin Luther in 1517 and are widely regarded as the primary catalyst for the Protestant Reformation .
Netapplications bases its usage share on statistics from 40,000 websites having around 160 million unique visitors .
If they grow near oceans , the seeds can be transported by ocean currents over long distances , allowing the seeds to be dispersed as far as other continents . This is the road the palm trees use to move its seeds ( coconuts ) to their new home . .
A cyclone , first detected southwest of Madeira on October 24 , passed the island on October 26 , moving northeast towards the Iberian Peninsula .
The earliest known European cave paintings date to Aurignacian , some 32,000 years ago .
Marinette County - northeast
Montanges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Uses and applications The ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes are used most prominently in ISO/IEC 7501-1 for machine-readable passports , with a number of additional codes for special passports , which are currently reserved and not used at the present stage in ISO 3166-1 .
After Voldemort destroys that soul fragment in the seventh book 's climax , Harry loses the ability to speak Parseltongue .
The members met and played in high school under the name Pezz and remained underground in Toronto 's indie music scene until 2001 .
Paleothyris had sharp teeth and large eyes , meaning that it was a nocturnal hunter .
The British recruited heavily from these Martial Races for service in the colonial army .
University of Oklahoma , abbreviated OU , is a coeducational public research university located in Norman , Oklahoma .
A triangle with vertices A , B , and C is denoted .
King James I of Cyprus inherits the title of King of Armenia after the death of his distant cousin Leo VI ( although the Mamluk conquerors from Egypt remain the true rulers ) .
They are found in tropical , subtropical and temperate regions , including the Indo-Pacific and the Atlantic coast of Africa .
Amaretto ( disambiguation )
The President of the Republic of Indonesia is the head of state and the head of government of the Republic of Indonesia .
Bellicourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Even when Constantine dedicated the new capital of Constantinople , which became the seat of Byzantine Christianity for a millennium , he did so wearing the Apollonian sun-rayed Diadem .
This flagship store carries a large variety of textbooks , medical books , and medical supplies in addition to the various trade titles carried at the company 's main stores .
They separate the North West of England from Yorkshire and the North East .
On 11 March 1990 , Lithuania became the first Soviet republic to declare its renewed independence .
The Cardinals were founded in the American Association in 1882 as the St. Louis Brown Stockings , taking the name from an earlier National League team .
After the October Revolution , Malevich became a member of the Collegium on the Arts of Narkompros , the Commission for the Protection of Monuments and the Museums Commission ( all from 1918 - 1919 ) .
On January 22 , 2010 , Nickelodeon ordered 16 more episodes extending it to a third season .
Raw and Nitro went head-to-head for the first time on September 11 , 1995 .
Wario was designed as another antagonist to Mario ( besides Bowser ) , and first appeared in the 1992 Game Boy title ' as the main antagonist and final boss .
He also provided the voices for the animated series Tennessee Tuxedo ( 1963-1966 ) and Inspector Gadget ( 1983-1986 ) as their respective title characters .
March & ndash ; In England , John Wycliffe tries to promote his ideas for Catholic reform by laying his theses before parliament and making them public in a tract .
In 1974 it was merged with other urban and rural councils to form Congleton Borough Council .
Kenneth Charles Branagh ( born 10 December 1960 ) is a Northern Irish actor and film director .
Skara Brae is a Neolithic settlement in Orkney , Scotland .
Two Stock-keeping units were available at launch : a basic model with a 20 GB hard disk drive and a premium model with a 60 GB hard drive and several additional features ( the 20 GB model was not released in Europe or Oceania ) .
Quality ,
The Charter Township of Canton , usually referred to as Canton , is a charter township of Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
External links Docklands Light Railway website - Blackwall station page Map of Poplar , 1885 .
Evaporation is an essential part of the water cycle .
Philip IV of France and Pope Boniface VIII begin having disagreements .
The Pitman arm is a steering component in an automobile or truck .
In 2008 , the British press reported that Watson was to replace Keira Knightley as the face of the fashion house Chanel , but this was flatly denied by both parties .
Manuel Pereiera ; or , The Sovereign Rule of South Carolina : with Views of Southern Laws , Life , and Hospitality , Washington , 1853 , 12mo .
Invisible ink is one form of steganography and it has been used in espionage .
It was the 10th-century Arab physicist , astronomer and mathematician , Ibn al-Haytham ( Alhazen ) , who published this idea in the Book of Optics in 1021 AD .
Drek aims to use it to remove Veldin , Ratchet 's home planet , from the desired orbit of his newly constructed planet ; and this enrages Ratchet . On Veldin , Ratchet and Clank confront Drek , who is about to obliterate the planet .
Hartnell was born in St Pancras , London , England , the only child of Lucy Hartnell , an unmarried mother .
VLC is a portable multimedia player , encoder , and streamer supporting many audio and video codecs and file formats as well as DVDs , VCDs , and various streaming protocols .
Douglas E. Iannucci , '' The second largest prime divisor of an odd perfect number exceeds ten thousand '' , Mathematics of Computation , 68:228 ( 1999 ) , pp .
In the 4th century AD , Gaul 's eastern frontier along the Rhine was overrun by Germanic tribes , principally the Franks , from whom the ancient name of '' Francie '' was derived .
She was voted # 1 as the Most Desirable Woman in 2005 by visitors of the men 's lifestyle website , Askmen.com ( she placed 4th in 2006 and 2007 , 10th in 2008 , and 19th in 2009 ) .
It premiered on October 20 , 2007 at the London Film Festival before its wide release on November 21 , 2007 in the United States .
While originally consisting of six members , the current group members are Masahiro Nakai , Takuya Kimura , Tsuyoshi Kusanagi , Goro Inagaki and Shingo Katori .
Royal Canadian Air Cadets ( RCAirC ) is a Canadian national youth program for persons aged 12 to 18 .
Zack & Wiki enjoyed a very positive reception from major news and gaming publications .
Since it is now known that most ulcers are caused by an infection with H. pylori , they can be cured with appropriate antibiotics .
The station 's studio was located in EDSA , Quezon City .
Photographers control the camera and lens to '' expose '' the light recording material ( such as film ) to the required amount of light to form a '' latent image '' ( on film ) or '' raw file '' ( in digital cameras ) which , after appropriate processing , is converted to a usable image .
A sexually transmitted disease ( STD ) , also known as sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) or venereal disease ( VD ) , is an illness that has a significant probability of transmission between humans or animals by means of sexual contact , including vaginal intercourse , oral sex , and anal sex .
The Chinese also use fresh or dried basils in soups and other foods .
There is also an asteroid called 171 Ophelia .
The distinction is similar to that proposed by August Weismann , who distinguished between germ plasm ( heredity ) and somatic cells ( the body ) .
Brian David Kendrick ( born May 29 , 1979 ) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , where he wrestles under his real name .
Hedy Lamarr ( , commonly \/O/ h di \/O/ ) ( November 9 , 1913 & ndash ; January 19 , 2000 ) was an Austrian-born American actress of Jewish descent .
The 2007 - 08 Montreal Canadiens season was the Canadiens ' 98th season of play and 90th in the National Hockey League .
Antimony ( ( UK ) or ( US ) ) is a chemical element with the symbol Sb ( , meaning '' mark '' ) and atomic number 51 .
After that , a junior branch , the House of Lancaster , ruled for some fifty years , before clashing with another branch , the House of York , in a civil war known as the Wars of the Roses over control of England .
The horse racing club , the Wimmera Racing Club , schedules around five race meetings a year at Ararat including the Ararat Cup meeting in November .
Originally three communities , Cold Lake was formed by merging the Town of Grand Centre , the Town of Cold Lake , and Medley ( Canadian Forces Base 4 Wing ) on October 1 , 1996 .
The word caracal comes from the Turkish word '' karakulak '' , meaning '' black ear '' .
But the secrecy maintained around the Bastille and its prisoners gave it a sinister reputation .
While emir is the predominant spelling in English and many other languages ( for example , United Arab Emirates ) , amir , closer to the original Arabic , is more common for its numerous compounds ( e.g. , admiral ) and in individual names .
During a reward trip , contestant and eventual runner-up Colby Donaldson broke an Australian law by breaking off coral from the Great Barrier Reef which could have resulted in a fine of AU$ 110,000 .
In 2007 , the Rideau Canal and the fortifications at Kingston were designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Russia views the Estonian , Latvian , and Lithuanian SSRs as legal constituent republics of the USSR and predecessors of the modern Baltic states .
'' Man on the Prowl '' is a three-chord rockabilly Mercury composition ( similar to '' Crazy Little Thing Called Love '' ) in which Fred Mandel plays the piano ending .
Through the centuries it was discovered that cancer could occur anywhere in the body , but humor-theory based treatment remained popular until the 19th century with the discovery of cells .
A writing system is a symbolic system used to represent elements or statements expressible in language .
Vaubadon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The 1857 War of Independence in Murree , part of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , was a rebel skirmish between the tribes surrounding the hill station of Murree ( modern day Pakistan ) and the colonial government of British India .
Barenton-sur-Serre is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Mistletoe is the common name for a group of hemi-parasitic plants in the order Santalales that grow attached to and within the branches of a tree or shrub .
While studying such topics as philology and various languages at the University , he worked as a volunteer librarian and was forced to do compulsory military training in the Academic Legion , but he refused to hold or fire a weapon .
Osiris ( , also Usiris ; the Egyptian language name is variously transliterated Asar , Asari , Aser , Ausar , Ausir , Wesir , Usir , Usire or Ausare ) was an Egyptian god , usually identified as the god of the Afterlife , the underworld and the dead .
Cochise College , Cochise County
History The orchestra can trace its origins to 1842 , when Otto Nicolai formed the Philharmonische Academie ; which was a fully independent orchestra and which took all its decisions by a democratic vote of all its members .
The official story on the killing is that sometime around 1927 or 1928 , he was playing in a juke joint when a man went on a shooting spree .
They are ubiquitous throughout fresh water and marine environments from the deep sea to the highest mountain streams .
CBE ( born 2 February 1944 ) is a British conductor .
However , unlike other organisms , a virus can not survive on its own .
Previously , wigs had been set with caustic chemicals to form curls , but these recipes were too harsh to use next to human skin .
He continued to play for the Leafs until he was traded to the Boston Bruins late in the 1972 -- 73 season .
Magnetic cards were introduced in 1993 as a test and were used as unlimited tickets between 1996 and 1998 .
Dom DeLuise as Fagin : A petty thief and a poor man .
Language ISBN 8120811968 or speaks the best , and is often the basis for sociolinguistic identity .
Cézanne 's work demonstrates a mastery of design , color , composition and draftsmanship .
Muskets were designed for use by infantry .
The earliest traces of silver have been found dating back to the 10th century , when Bohemia already had been in the crossroads of long-distance trade for many centuries .
The Sassanid Empire ( also spelled Sasanid Empire , Sassanian Empire , or Sasanian Empire ) , known to its inhabitants as r nshahr and r n , was the last pre-Islamic Persian Empire , ruled by the Sasanian Dynasty from 224 to 651 .
Coulvain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Most species are nonvenomous and those that have venom use it primarily to kill and subdue prey rather than for self-defense .
Comano , Ticino , a commune in Ticino , Switzerland
The Georges Head Battery is located on Georges Head , in the suburb of Mosman in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Islam is the second largest religion after Christianity in many European countries , and is slowly catching up to that status in the Americas , with between 2,454,000 , according to Pew Forum , and approximately 7 million Muslims , according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) , in the United States .
Sir Alexander Fleming ( 6 August 1881 11 March 1955 ) was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist .
kerfeldt believed the band could not finish both albums , Opeth completed Deliverance and Damnation in just seven weeks of studio time , which was the same amount spent on Blackwater Park alone .
Benerville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Fiberglass , ( also called fibreglass and glass fibre ) , is material made from extremely fine fibers of glass .
Norton Internet Security and Norton AntiVirus combined held a 61 % antivirus market share in 2007 .
In the United Kingdom , around 2,600 people are invested personally by the Queen or a member of the Royal Family .
While some composers , notably Mozart , have used this interval to advantage in melodic composition , other composers , having felt it to be an awkward leap , particularly in vocal music , considered a whole step between these two scale degrees more conducive to smooth melody writing , so either the subtonic seventh was used or the sixth scale degree raised .
Its fossils have been found in Argentina .
This series was also created by the makers of 6teen , another Teletoon program .
The state capital was moved from Tuscaloosa to Montgomery , on January 28 , 1846 .
Melbourne , The Macquarie Library Pty Ltd. .
The circuit has also hosted FIA World Touring Car Championship , Formula-G , Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters ( DTM ) and the Le Mans Series 1,000 km race .
An architectural model is a type of a scale model , tangible ( also called sometimes physical ) representation of a structure built to study aspects of an architectural design or to communicate design ideas to clients , committees , and the general public .
The test bay is a place such as a hall , a laboratory or sometimes a department where the produced articles are tested before delivery according to testing guidelines of this industry or firm .
A movie projector is an opto-mechanical device for displaying moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen .
The Class 168 Clubman is a diesel multiple-unit ( DMU ) train used on services between London and the Midlands .
Jens Nowotny ( born January 11 , 1974 in Malsch ) is a retired German footballer , who played as a central defender .
An Air Force plane found 40 m winds with a pressure of 1003 h and the depression was given the name Ernesto .
Feudal society was increasingly based on the concept of '' lordship '' -- in French the seigneur -- which was one of the distinguishing features of the Early Middle Ages which evolved out of Late Antiquity .
Its approach by rail is by a triangular connection to both and .
A spin-off from Cheers , Frasier stars Kelsey Grammer as psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane ; David Hyde Pierce , John Mahoney , Jane Leeves , Peri Gilpin , and Moose ( later , Enzo ; both Jack Russell Terriers , uncredited ) .
Cheese consists of proteins and fat from milk , usually the milk of cows , buffalo , goats , or sheep .
The discovery of gold in 1851 at Ballarat and Warrandyte transformed it into a leading industrial and commercial center .
Three additional volumes have since been published -- The Necronomicon Spellbook , a book of pathworkings with the 50 names of Marduk ; Dead Names : The Dark History of the Necronomicon , a history of the book itself and of the late 1970s New York occult scene ; and The Gates Of The Necronomicon , instructions on pathworking with the Simon Necronomicon .
Walt Disney Studios ( Burbank ) , complex in Burbank , California , built in 1939 , which serves as the corporate headquarters for The Walt Disney Company .
Players must also select the class for the character , with choices such as mages , warriors and priests available .
Many think it is apparently a corruption of Praetutium , or rather of the name of the people Praetutii , applied to their chief city , Interamnaes , now present day Teramo .
Philemon ( ca .
The Plague of 1771 was the last massive outbreak of plague in central Russia , claiming up to 100,000 lives in Moscow alone .
They died of tuberculosis in June 1825 soon after their father removed them from the school on 1 June .
They can also fly backwards , and are the only group of birds able to do so .
See also Cartesian dualism , substance dualism , epiphenomenalism .
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island nation in the Lesser Antilles chain which forms the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea with the Atlantic Ocean .
In 2008 , a World Bank report which found that biofuels had driven food prices up 75 % was not published .
Wikipedia is not a collection of links , nor should it be used for advertising or promotion . Inappropriate links include ( but are not limited to ) links to personal web sites , links to web sites with which you are affiliated , and links that attract visitors to a web site or promote a product .
The D version had a bubble top .
On July 1 , 2008 , Linspire stockholders elected to change the company 's name to Digital Cornerstone , and all assets were acquired by Xandros .
New entrances to the subway links were opened on 19 September 2004 ( Exit G ) and 30 March 2005 ( Exit F ) , with the whole scheme completed in May 2005 .
and the other helper templates should not have any spaces or newlines before them or they will render two spaces before the dot .
The 2000s is the decade that started on January 1 , 2000 and will end on December 31 , 2009 .
Cecilia Colledge performed a one hand Biellmann spin from a layback spin at the 1937 World Figure Skating Championships .
It was a popular F1 event , but racing was put on hiatus there right after the controversial 1985 race due to the policy of apartheid .
Death masks were increasingly used by scientists from the late eighteenth century onwards to record variations in human physiognomy .
The town was named in honor of Matthias F. Cowley , one of the Apostles of the Mormon church at the time .
Gunnedah ( ) Macquarie Dictionary , Fourth Edition (/O2005/O) .
'' Transgender '' does not imply any specific form of sexual orientation ; transgender people may identify as heterosexual , homosexual , bisexual , pansexual , polysexual , or asexual ; some may consider conventional sexual orientation labels inadequate or inapplicable to them .
'' Sons and Daughters of Saint Lucia '' is the national anthem of Saint Lucia , first adopted in 1967 upon achieving self government , and confirmed as the official anthem upon independence in 1979 .
The Beyoncé Experience Live is a live DVD by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles that was released in the US on November 20 , 2007 and was released on November 26 in the UK .
However , chords that are not generally found in the style of the piece ( for example , major VII chords in a Bach-style chorale ) are also not likely to be chosen as the pivot chord .
Matilda bore William eleven children , and he was believed to have been faithful to her , at least up until the time their son Robert rebelled against his father and Matilda sided with Robert against William .
The posthumous name is commonly used when naming royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
On July 24 , 2008 , WDIV-TV had announced that Ford is re-considering bringing the Kuga to North America after all . On October 22 , 2009 , news leaked that Ford will build the Kuga at its Louisville plant , possibly as the 2012 Ford Escape .
The vote-tallying website DialIdol , however , predicted that Daughtry was the lowest vote-getter for the week .
Greenson stated that his main objective at the time was to enforce a drastic reduction in Monroe 's drug intake .
For cheeses produced in Switzerland see Cheeses of Switzerland .
Colfax County , New Mexico , is named after the Speaker as well .
The amount of salt varies in different seasons of the year ; it reaches 26-28 % in the late Autumn .
Database entry includes a brief justification of why this species is of least concern .
Melatonin is not recommended for people with the symptoms of severe mental illness , severe allergies , autoimmune diseases , or immune system cancers .
In January 2010 , Lavigne was in a board meeting at the Disney offices going over clothing designs inspired by Alice in Wonderland for her Abbey Dawn line , when she mentioned to the executives that she was writing music for her upcoming album and would love to write a song for the film 's soundtrack .
This is a common process in plants , especially those which exhibit polyploidy .
This one-minute preview is a viral video that became a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards for the reactions its graphic content elicited from viewers who have not seen such films before .
Holst had originally asked Clifford Bax to write the libretto , but Bax declined .
Lynne Ann Vincent Cheney ( born August 14 , 1941 ) is the wife of former United States Vice President Dick Cheney and served as the '' Second Lady of the United States '' from 2001 to 2009 .
In the 1990s , Boyz II Men found fame on Motown Records as a quartet , but currently the group is a trio signed to Decca Records , with members Nathan Morris , Wanya Morris , and Shawn Stockman .
A country is usually assigned new ISO 3166-1 codes if it changes its name or its territorial boundaries .
Their self-titled third studio album is set for release November 2nd , 2010 .
The mantis shrimp has such good eyes it can perceive both polarized light , and hyperspectral color vision .
STM can be a challenging technique , as it can require extremely clean and stable surfaces , sharp tips , and excellent vibration control .
While recording the Songbooks and the occasional studio album , Fitzgerald toured 40 to 45 weeks per year in the United States and internationally , under the tutelage of Norman Granz .
Although there are many polyesters , the term '' polyester '' as a specific material most commonly refers to polyethylene terephthalate ( PET ) .
The Zimbabwe national football team , nicknamed The Warriors , is the national team of Zimbabwe and is controlled by the Zimbabwe Football Association .
Marlesford is a village and a civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal District , in the English county of Suffolk .
Named for its location beside the Santa Ana River , Gunther , pages 427-429 .
The Marina Bay Street Circuit ( otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit ) is a street circuit around the city state 's Marina Bay and is the venue for the Singapore Grand Prix .
They reassembled again from 1998 and have since released two more studio albums .
Although a paramedic is able to revive Charlie , Sam dies in the accident .
The name Anita was later retired .
It also briefly features their ideas for how the capitalist society of the time would eventually be replaced by socialism , and then eventually communism .
In several instances in Torchwood , Jack displays no qualms about killing a person of any species , which within Doctor Who , allows Jack 's character to act in ways the lead character can not .
Canton , Massachusetts
EarthBound has been featured in all of the titles of the blockbuster Super Smash Bros. series .
It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
Proxima is pronounced .
David Jon Gilmour , CBE ( born 6 March 1946 ) is an English rock musician , best known as the lead guitarist , one of the lead singers and one of the main songwriters in the progressive rock band Pink Floyd .
Lenzburg transformed into the economic center of the region in the 19th century .
When a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates due to friction which reduced the amount of warm air supplied to the funnel .
The following is a list of association football stadia .
The prefecture ( capital ) is Lons-le-Saunier .
Wind shear , sometimes referred to as windshear or wind gradient , is a difference in wind speed and direction over a relatively short distance in the atmosphere .
( '' On water I was built , my walls are made of fire .
; Jason Everman Active : 1989 - 1990 Instruments : bass Release contributions : '' Come Together '' from Loudest Love ( 1990 ) , Louder Than Live ( 1990 ) Jason Everman replaced Hiro Yamamoto before the band embarked on its promotional tour for Louder Than Love .
At age nine , Tyler discovered that she was Steven Tyler 's daughter after meeting him and noticing a resemblance she shared with his other daughter , Mia .
He went back to India in 1769 as a member of the Madras council and was made governor of India at the end of 1771 .
The WNBA shot clock was changed from 30 to 24 seconds , which has been in FIBA play since 2000 .
Hello is a salutation or greeting in the English language .
The '' Colours of Saint George '' , or St George 's Cross are a white flag with a red cross , frequently borne by entities over which he is patron ( e.g. the Republic of Genoa and then Liguria , England , Georgia , Catalonia , Aragon , etc. ) .
In general , energy conversion efficiency is the ratio between the useful output of a device and the input , in energy terms .
Patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer typically have a poor prognosis , partly because the cancer usually causes no symptoms early on , leading to locally advanced or metastatic disease at time of diagnosis .
After that , Orion may become a key component of human missions beyond low Earth orbit which may included missions to lagrange points , Near-Earth objects , the Moon and Mars .
If , however , no fires regenerate an area , the trees die off after about 400 years and are replaced by other species .
It has a Commission of Lieutenancy rather than a single lord-lieutenant .
It is the title track from their sixth album Warning and was released as the album 's second single .
Presles-et-Thierny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The movement employs the Scout method , a program of informal education with an emphasis on practical outdoor activities , including camping , woodcraft , aquatics , hiking , backpacking , and sports .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1978/1979 season was contested by 18 teams .
Steinmeier was born in Detmold .
Political science is a social science concerned with the theory and practice of politics and the analysis of political systems and political behavior .
Dalymount Park is an Irish football stadium situated on Dublin 's Northside .
Johann Strauss III ( February 16 , 1866 - January 9 , 1939 ; ; also known as Johann Eduard Strauss ) was an Austrian composer whose father was Eduard Strauss , whose uncles were Johann Strauss II & Josef Strauss , and whose grandfather was Johann Strauss I/O. He was unofficially entrusted with the task of upholding his family 's tradition after the disbandment of the Strauss Orchestra by his father in 1901 .
The IEEE consists of 38 societies , organized around specialized technical fields , with more than 300 local organizations that hold regular meetings .
The event that spurred him into writing was the death by polio of 18-year-old Manon Gropius , the daughter of Alma Mahler ( once Gustav Mahler 's wife ) and Walter Gropius .
Saturday Night Live is one of the longest-running network television programs in the United States with nearly 700 episodes broadcast over the span of 35 seasons as of 2010 .
He was sworn by Thomas MacDonagh into the oath-bound Irish Republican Brotherhood , which secretly controlled the central executive of the Volunteers .
Batista won the match after a Batista Bomb .
Coahoma County is a county located in the Mississippi Delta region of the U.S. state of Mississippi .
On May 1 , 1921 , the Jaffa Riots erupted and an Arab mob killed dozens of Jewish residents . In the wake of this violence , many Jews left Jaffa for Tel Aviv , increasing the population of Tel Aviv from 2,000 in 1920 to around 34,000 by 1925 .
However , lay people and construction professionals are seldom cognizant of how easily a tree can be killed .
The districts of Aue and Schwarzenberg were established in 1873 .
Arlo Davy Guthrie ( born July 10 , 1947 ) is an American folk singer . Like his father , Woody Guthrie , Arlo often sings songs of protest against social injustice .
Picture Name Born - Died Term started Term ended Political Party 1 .
The Badawi Pass is a pass that connects Upper Dir District with Kohistan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Saugon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
For several months in 1994 , someone posted messages under the alias Serdar Argic claiming that the Armenian Genocide did not happen or that Armenians massacred Turks , on Usenet newsgroup threads mentioning the word Turkey .
It is based on a 1979 novel by Roderick Thorp titled Nothing Lasts Forever , itself a sequel to the book The Detective , which was previously made into a 1968 film starring Frank Sinatra .
Chain stores are retail outlets that share a brand and central management , and usually have standardized business methods and practices .
Department of Computer Science
Bullying is a form of abuse .
Bailey subsequently expanded the system to include the rest of South America in 1981 and the world in 1989 .
The Honourable Society of Lincoln 's Inn is one of four Inns of Court in London to which barristers of England and Wales belong and where they are called to the Bar .
In 2001 he released his first solo album In My Memory which gave him several major hits that launched his career .
However there are other houses of Europe that style themselves as Grand Dukes even if not wholly recognized by the rest of society .
The modern form has been standardized for about two millennia .
Once common on the east coast , Emu are now uncommon ; by contrast , the development of agriculture and the provision of water for stock in the interior of the continent have increased the range of the Emu in arid regions , and it is neither endangered nor vulnerable .
Ciudad Real ( Spanish for : Royal City ) is a city in Castilla-La Mancha , Spain with a population of 73,124 .
In order not to leave Lindoro alone with Rosina , the doctor has Figaro shave him .
Bird pellet , a round ball of undigested matter that some bird species regurgitate
Sivaya Subramuniyaswami ( 1927 - 2001 ) , affectionately known as Gurudeva by his followers , was born in Oakland , California on January 5 1927 and adopted Saivism as a young man .
The Spanish explorer Ponce de Leon , according to legend , went looking for in Florida in 1513 .
The Church of Satan was also featured in a segment of Luigi Scattini 's film Angeli Bianchi , Angeli Neri , released in the United States as '' Witchcraft ' 70 '' .
In professional sports , a free agent is a player whose contract with a team has expired and who is thus eligible to sign with another club or franchise .
The elder Smyslov gave his son a copy of Alexander Alekhine 's book My Best Games of Chess 1908 & ndash ; 1923 and the future world champion would later write that this book became his constant reference .
Knowledge of his views comes from fragments of his poetry , surviving as quotations by later Greek writers .
They then tried to climb up and get involved .
Mickey 's Toontown opened in 1993 and was partly inspired by the fictional Los Angeles suburb of Toontown in The Walt Disney Studios ' 1988 release Who Framed Roger Rabbit .
Coweta is a city in Wagoner County , Oklahoma , United States and is a suburb of Tulsa .
Arabygdi lies on Lake Totak in the western part of Rauland .
Various other salads have also been called '' Greek '' in the English language in the last century , including some with a very old connection to Greek cuisine .
The metropolitan county councils were abolished in 1986 with most of their functions being devolved to the individual boroughs , making them de facto unitary authorities .
The highest point on the Jurassic Coast , and on the entire south coast of Britain , is Golden Cap at 191 m.
In his original 1903 description , Henry Fairfield Osborn suggested that Ornitholestes might have preyed on contemporary birds , based on the '' rapid grasping power of agile and delicate prey '' suggested by the structure of the hand .
This may be appropriate on talk pages where certain topics have a tendency to come up again and again , and it is convenient to have all past discussion on an issue in one location .
She returned to California and lived in a rented apartment as she convalesced .
Water and other volatiles can more easily and gradually escape from mafic lava , so eruptions of volcanoes made of mafic lavas are less explosively violent than felsic-lava eruptions .
Traditional Korean meals are noted for the number of side dishes ( banchan ) that accompany steam-cooked short-grain rice .
On 25 October 1878 , Sergeant Kennedy set off to search for the Kellys , accompanied by Constables McIntyre , Lonigan , and Scanlon .
Spider-Man is a 2002 American superhero film , the first in the Spider-Man film series based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Since his international debut back in June 2005 , he has been capped 35 times and has currently scored 3 goals for the Danish national team .
Murphysboro is a city in and the county seat of Jackson County , Illinois , United States .
The base was renamed Nellis Air Force Base on April 30 , 1950 from Las Vegas Air Force Base .
Things became so bitter that , on one occasion , Gates stormed out of a meeting in a huff after a shouting match in which Ballmer jumped to the defense of several colleagues , according to an individual present at the time .
The Danube ( in English ) is Europe 's second longest river after the Volga .
The Northern Hemisphere species of swan have pure white plumage but the Southern Hemisphere species are mixed black and white .
Germany ,
Dharma refers not only to the sayings of the Buddha , but also to the later traditions of interpretation and addition that the various schools of Buddhism have developed to help explain and to expand upon the Buddha 's teachings .
On September 9 , Gabrielle made landfall at Cape Lookout National Seashore in the Outer Banks of North Carolina with winds of 60 mph ( 90 km/h ) .
The Pittsburgh Penguins are a professional ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
__ NOTOC __
Clinton is a city in Custer and Washita counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
is an American author , best known for his technically detailed espionage , military science and techno thriller storylines set during and in the aftermath of the Cold War , and several MTV videos and UFOs along with video games which he did not work on , but which bear his name for licensing and promotional purposes .
The group released their eleventh UK # 1 single , '' Unbreakable '' , in 2002 .
Kenyan pancakes are similar to English pancakes and French crepes .
The term '' Armenian Question '' as used in European history , became common place among diplomatic circles and in the popular press after the Congress of Berlin ; that in like Eastern Question , refers to powers of Europe 's involvement to the Armenian subjects of the Ottoman Empire beginning with the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 .
In France , limestone was readily available in several grades , the very fine white limestone of Caen being favoured for sculptural decoration .
Other notably popular characters through the years have been The Little Twin Stars ( created by Mr. Tsuji himself ) , My Melody , Keroppi , Tuxedo Sam , Badtz-Maru , Kuromi , Charmmy Kitty , Pochacco , Chococat , and Cinnamoroll .
Inca rope bridges were simple suspension bridges over canyons and gorges ( pongos ) to provide access for the Inca Empire .
The '' Suga Mama '' music video was released to British music channels in April 2007 .
It is named after Palo Verde storekeeper and postmaster A.P. Wiley who , in 1907 , deepened a shallow well dug in 1876 by a stagecoach company which frequented the nearby Bradshaw Trail .
'' Hold Me , Touch Me ( Think of Me When We 're Apart ) '' ( Stanley ) -- 3:40
The Palm Cockatoo ( Probosciger aterrimus ) , also known as the Goliath Cockatoo , is a large smoky-grey or black parrot of the cockatoo family .
Pixar has produced eleven feature films , beginning with Toy Story in 1995 , all of which have met with critical and commercial success .
Ecclesiastical Latin ( sometimes called Church Latin ) is the Latin used by the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church in all periods for ecclesiastical purposes .
The line started service on 10 May 1982 with a total cost of construction ( not adjusted for inflation ) of HK$ 4.1 billion ( US$ 526 million ) .
The empress or consort to Emperor Ch ai , she also served as Regent from the time of her husband 's death in 209 until her son Emperor jin acceded to the throne in 269 .
After the single was released , the song ended up being a huge hit , spending five weeks at the top of the Modern Rock Tracks chart .
Friedrich Engels would have had difficulty editing the Karl Marx article , because he was a close friend , follower , and collaborator of Marx .
Dury is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Bagneux is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The head of government of the self-governing internal territories is called the Chief Minister .
The musculature of the Short-beaked Echidna has a number of unusual aspects .
It was developed by SIMS and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Michel de Nostredame ( 14 or 21 December 1503 - 2 July 1566 ) , usually Latinised to Nostradamus , was a French apothecary and reputed seer who published collections of prophecies that have since become famous worldwide .
The introduced Koalas have flourished on the island , to the degree that their preferred food source , the Manna Gum , is currently at risk of local extinction .
The stars delta Leonis , gamma Leonis , eta Leonis , and theta Leonis form the body of the lion , with gamma Leonis being of the second magnitude and delta Leonis and theta Leonis being of the third magnitude .
The club was formed in 1937 , and briefly shared their old Layer Road home with now defunct side Colchester Town who had previously used the ground from 1910 .
The name '' Edguy '' was an affectionate epithet for Mr. Edgar Siedschlag , their math teacher at the time .
Ankylosaurs from the Early Cretaceous of North America include Sauropelta and Gastonia .
Some years after the 1900-1901 publication of his main work , the Logische Untersuchungen ( Logical Investigations ) , Husserl made some key conceptual elaborations which led him to assert that in order to study the structure of consciousness , one would have to distinguish between the act of consciousness and the phenomena at which it is directed ( the objects as intended ) .
A Tobin tax is the suggested tax on all trade of currency across borders .
Hull , West Virginia
In the morning they are captured by Giant Despair , who takes them to his Doubting Castle , where they are imprisoned , beaten and starved .
Mika Pohjola ( ( born December 1 , 1971 ) is a Finnish-born jazz pianist and composer , who resides in New York City .
The term yokozuna refers to the highest rank in professional sumo wrestling in Japan .
In 2003 , Anti-Flag released the album The Terror State on Fat Wreck Chords .
Despite this , the band decided to keep this recording and left it on the final album version .
Gutenberg died in 1468 and was buried in the Franciscan church at Mainz , his contributions largely unknown .
; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O9/O) according to the traditional order of succession .
In 1288 it was called a city ( civitas ) in documents of the Prince of Legnica Henryk V Gruby , but as soon as 1333 it had gained town privileges .
On 1 January 2007 the municipality , which covers 29.67 km2 , had 1,584 inhabitants , giving a population density of 53.4 inhabitants per km .
From here , Microsoft issued three release candidates between July and November 1999 , and finally released the operating system to partners on 12 December 1999 .
The following year he signed with the Milwaukee Bucks as a free agent .
Taylor was also a catalyst in Harry Nilsson 's musical career ; hearing Nilsson 's song '' 1941 '' on a car radio , he bought a case ( twenty-five copies ) of his album Pandemonium Shadow Show , sending copies to different industry people & ndash ; including all four Beatles , who became enamored of his talent and invited Nilsson to London .
He left Parliament for five years , but was re-elected at the 1997 general election as MP for Aldershot .
Dave Matthews Band , sometimes shortened to DMB , is an American rock band formed in Charlottesville , Virginia in 1991 .
Prignac-et-Marcamps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The power outage also affected the areas of Ojai , Oxnard , Simi Valley , Santa Clarita , Thousand Oaks , Agoura Hills , Rialto , Fontana , San Bernardino , Rancho Cucamonga , Mira Loma , Hesperia , Corona , Bloomington , Irvine , Calimesa and Rubidoux .
Migros ( ) is one of Switzerland 's largest enterprises , its largest supermarket chain and largest employer .
Wood County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Koon also starred in the popular TVB 's drama series '' Revolving Door of Vengeance '' in 2005 and '' Survivor 's Law II '' in 2007 .
The origin of this word is the subject of several conflicting scholarly theories .
As the Avatar , Aang has the ability to control the four classical elements and is tasked with keeping the Four Nations at peace .
While Richard Nixon served in the Navy during World War II , Pat worked as a government economist living in San Francisco .
Little is known of Joseph Johns 's early life . Born in Cornwall , England around 1826 and raised as a Roman Catholic , he was the third of six children of blacksmith Thomas Johns and his wife Mary .
Die Hard 2 ( sometimes colloquially referred to as Die Hard 2 : Die Harder ) is a 1990 action film and the second in the Die Hard film series .
The Braille system was based on a method of communication originally developed by Charles Barbier in response to Napoleon 's demand for a code that soldiers could use to communicate silently and without light at night called night writing .
He is said to have been born in Balkh , today located in Afghanistan , and he eventually became a poet of the royal court , and was given the title Malik-us Shu'ara ( King of Poets ' ) .
It is the first of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence of machines or the simulation of intelligence in machines .
The depression made landfall at St. Catherines Island , Georgia , and moved inland , where it steadily weakened .
Torcy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France .
Italian , Polish , and Greek are still widely spoken among populations descending from immigrants from those countries in the early 20th century , but the use of these languages is dwindling as older generations pass away .
It would have had about the same tonnage as the Titanic .
Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch is the title of Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace 's third studio album .
Religious terrorism is one form of religious violence ; the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center are thus an extreme example of religious violence .
Decorah is a city in and the county seat of Winneshiek County , Iowa , United States .
Saint-Gabriel-Brécy is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
On 25 July 1956 , approaching the coast of Nantucket , Massachusetts , bound for New York City , Andrea Doria collided with the east-bound MS Stockholm of the Swedish American Line in what became one of history 's most infamous maritime disasters .
Boniface of Montferrat , a leader of the Fourth Crusade , founds the Kingdom of Thessalonica .
It lies roughly 3 m south of Manchester city center and is bisected north -- south by Wilmslow Road and east -- west by Moseley Road and Wilbraham Road . The former Fallowfield Loop railway line , now a cycle path , follows a route nearly parallel with the east -- west main road .
WWE Hell in a Cell is a professional wrestling event produced annually by World Wrestling Entertainment , a Connecticut -- based promotion , and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view ( PPV ) .
Matthew R. Joyce ( born August 3 , 1984 , in Tampa , Florida ) is a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Tampa Bay Rays .
The film stars Beyoncé Knowles , Mos Def , Rah Digga , Wyclef Jean , Mekhi Phifer , Da Brat , Joy Bryant , Jermaine Dupri and Lil ' Bow Wow .
There he and his nine siblings were raised on his parents ' farm , a small parcel of land granted to his father .
The popular , derogatory sense of the word has no currency in academic studies of religions , where '' cults '' are subsumed under the neutral label of the '' new religious movement '' , while academic sociology has partly adopted the popular meaning of the word .
As of January 2011 , Apple 's iTunes Store alone saw $ 1.1 billion of revenue in fiscal Q1 .
Angelo State University is a public , coeducational , doctoral level granting university located in San Angelo , Texas , United States . It was founded as in 1928 as San Angelo College .
Haynes ' own coach , the legendary Zip Gayles , reprimanded him for the showboating display , but it helped draw the attention of the Globetrotters , always on the search for trick ballhandlers ; Langston was invited to play an exhibition game against the Globetrotters in Oklahoma City .
The next day , the deep convection temporarily became ill-defined , before reorganizing and developing an eye feature .
He currently plays for Sunderland on loan from Manchester City .
France adopted the new calendar on Monday , 20 December 1582 , following Sunday , 9 December 1582 .
Psi ( mathbf { x } , t ) = Ae ^ { i ( mathbf { k } cdot mathbf { x } - omega t ) }
Hollyoaks is a long-running , award-winning television soap opera , first broadcast in the United Kingdom on Channel 4 on 23 October 1995 .
The Three Laws of Robotics , often shortened to The Three Laws or Three Laws , are a set of three rules written by science fiction author Isaac Asimov and later expanded upon .
Miyamoto 's games have been seen on every Nintendo video game console , with his earliest work appearing on arcade machines .
Cosmetic surgery special : When looks can kill -- health -- 19 October 2006 -- New Scientist History In 1886 , BDD was first documented by the researcher Morselli , who called the condition simply '' Dysmorphophobia '' .
Lynn Thorndike , Renaissance or Prenaissance , Journal of the History of Ideas , Vol .
A weather radar , or weather surveillance radar ( WSR ) , is a type of radar used to locate precipitation , calculate its motion , estimate its type ( rain , snow , hail , etc. ) , and forecast its future position and intensity .
There are various oceanic troughs , troughs found under oceans ; examples include the rift along the mid-oceanic ridge and the Cayman Trough .
Epworth is a city in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
Geremi Sorele Njitap Fotso ( born 20 December 1978 in Bafoussam , Cameroon ) , known simply as Geremi , is a Cameroonian footballer who is currently a free agent .
In the episode , Krusty the Clown reveals to the Simpson family that he is of Jewish heritage , and that his father , Rabbi Hyman Krustofski , disowned him for pursuing a career in comedy .
Its name is derived from the nickname for New York , the Empire State .
According to the 2006 Canadian census , the population of the city proper was 117,207 , while the population of the metropolitan area was 152,358 .
Southgate is a London Underground Piccadilly Line station in Southgate .
Some argue that there is no historical reference to an Inca or Tawantisuyo flag or banner until the early 1920s ; but other specialists suggest that there are chronicles and some references that support the idea of a banner attributable to the Inca .
Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south , the two monuments are broadly contemporary overall .
The airline launched its website in 2000 , with online booking initially said to be a small and unimportant part of the software supporting the site .
Sudbury Town , opened June 28 , 1903 by the District ; first served by the Piccadilly line July 4 , 1932 .
Ultimately , Hurricane Beulah caused 58 deaths and $ 217 million in damage ( $ 1.4 billion in 2010 USD ) .
He is an elephant who has huge ears and is able to fly , using his magic feather .
'' Soldier '' is an R&B \/O/ hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles , Kelly Rowland , Michelle Williams , Rich Harrison , Sean Garrett , T.I. , and Lil Wayne for Destiny 's Child 's fourth studio album , Destiny Fulfilled (/O2004/O) .
The landscape architect William Saunders , founder of the National Grange , designed the cemetery .
Christians espousing this view are known as Universalists .
The term was coined in 1895 by the American philosopher and psychologist William James .
Lightning Bar sired 148 foals in his eight breeding seasons , and 118 of those foals went on to either race or show careers .
Mesnil-Clinchamps is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The station is broadcast from a dedicated building shared with Radio 1 , Yalding House in central London , part of the BBC 's sprawling Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that comprises three neighbouring countries , Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg .
Automotive package , in automobile production and marketing , a group of related features sold as a bundle
Turnstiles are used at a wide variety of settings , including stadiums , amusement parks , museums , mass transit stations , office lobbies , retail sites , cafeterias , temporary exhibits , ski resorts , casinos and souvenir stands .
Longinus is the name given in medieval and some modern Christian traditions to the Roman soldier who pierced Jesus in his side with a lance while he was on the Cross .
Located in the Central Valley , San José is the seat of national government , the focal point of political and economic activity , and the major transportation hub of this Central American nation .
Above the forestry , there is often a band of short pine trees ( Pinus mugo ) , which is in turn superseded by dwarf shrubs , typically Rhododendron ferrugineum ( on acid soils ) or Rhododendron hirsutum ( on alkaline soils ) .
The early journals were similar to those for the physical sciences , and were seen as a means for history to become more professional .
A total of 44 teams have played in the Premier League .
The majority of inmates are political prisoners , among them participants in the Chinese democracy movement and Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
Tress MacNeille ( born June 20 , 1951 ) is an American voice actress best known for providing various voices on the animated series The Simpsons , Futurama , Tiny Toon Adventures , Animaniacs , Rugrats , All Grown Up !
The MPL is characterized as a hybridization of the modified BSD license and GNU General Public License .
Their application can be from 100 h to thousands of horsepower .
The New York Yankees season was the 19th season for the Yankees in New York and their 21st overall .
All commanders and Cyrus ( As Boss ) have appeared .
The golden ratio is an irrational mathematical constant , approximately 1.6180339887 .
Users assign themselves a unique name , log into the Active Worlds universe , and explore 3D virtual worlds and environments that other users have built .
Serbian ( Serbian Cyrillic : , Serbian Latin : Srpski , ) is a South Slavic language , spoken chiefly in Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Croatia , and in the Serbian diaspora .
Coptic Pope Matthew I of Alexandria
they can destroy wine which they infect by producing excessive amounts of acetic acid or ethyl acetate , both of which can render the wine unpalatable ;
This list also includes other educational institutions providing higher education , meaning tertiary , quaternary , and , in some cases , post-secondary education .
It is customary to include children in Kwanzaa ceremonies and to give respect and gratitude to ancestors .
Geography The district is named after two rivers - the Elbe river forms the western border with Saxony , the Schwarze Elster ( '' Black Elster '' ) is a tributary of the Elbe and runs through the district .
He went to school in the well-known Jezuit college in Aalst , whose suits inspired him for those of the undertakers in his Lucky Luke series .
In Korean cuisine , two species are used : Z. piperitum and Z. schinifolium .
In mathematical logic , a formal theory is a set of sentences expressed in a formal language .
Born in Cincinnati , Ohio , the fourth child of Judge John Williamson Herron ( 1827 -- 1912 ) , a law partner of Rutherford B. Hayes , and Harriet Collins-Herron ( 1833 -- 1901 ) , Nellie graduated from the Cincinnati College of Music and taught school briefly before her marriage .
Tom Kaulitz was born on September 1 , 1989 in Leipzig ten minutes before his identical twin brother , Bill .
In Australia , borough can designate a town and its surrounding area , such as the Borough of Queenscliffe .
The name linguine means '' little tongues '' in Italian , where it is a plural of the feminine linguina .
During his NHL career he placed in the top 10 leading scorers ten times .
Saint-Germain-d'Esteuil is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In addition to the lute , he also played the harpsichord and guitar .
Bipolar Disorder : A Clinician 's Guide to Biological Treatments , page 3 .
His productions there were entitled Gas Masks , Listen Moscow , and Wiseman .
Cheux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
More than 360 aircraft and missiles are on display , most of them indoors .
This further supports the hypothesis that the common ancestor of all squirrels living and fossil lived in North America , as these three most ancient lineages seem to have radiated from there - if squirrels had originated in Eurasia for example , one would expect quite ancient lineages in Africa , but African squirrels seem to be of more recent origin .
Postmodernist ideas in philosophy and the analysis of culture and society expanded the importance of critical theory and has been the point of departure for works of literature , architecture , and design , as well as being visible in marketing\/business and the interpretation of history , law and culture , starting in the late 20th century .
Alexander had conquered the Achaemenid Empire within a short time-frame and died young , leaving an expansive empire of partly Hellenised culture without an adult heir .
However , he is saved from death by the timely arrival of reinforcements led by Aslan , and by Lucy , who gives Edmund a dose of a magic cordial which can quickly heal any injury .
Article I , Section 3 of the Constitution , providing for the election of officers of the Senate , appears to assume that the Vice President succeeds to the Office of the President rather than merely discharging the duties thereof :
Port Alexander is a city at the southeastern corner of Baranof Island in Petersburg Census Area , Alaska , United States .
During a stop in Los Angeles , Parker had a nervous breakdown that landed him in the Camarillo State Mental Hospital for several months , and Davis found himself stranded .
H&M has more than 1,700 stores in 34 different countries and employ over 73,000 people .
In electrical circuits , Ohm 's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference or voltage across the two points , and inversely proportional to the resistance between them .
Villmergen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The growth of the ministry in the 1940s and 1950s made this increasingly impractical , and in 1956 Robert Menzies created a two-tier ministry , with only senior ministers holding Cabinet rank , also known within parliament as the front bench .
The retail game was released for the PlayStation 2 on November 7 , 2006 in North America , November 15 , 2006 in Australia , and November 30 , 2006 in the United Kingdom and Europe .
In 1864 he became the Hofkapellmeister in Munich , and it was at this post he achieved his principal renown .
These special resting places , usually located on ridges with a cool sea breeze , are marked with droppings and are cleared of vegetation .
He was the first of three children born to biochemists Arthur Kornberg and his wife , Sylvy ( née Levy ) , who worked together .
Passy-en-Valois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is 6 centimeters long quartzite rock , and has been interpreted as a depiction of the human form , gender indeterminate and faceless , dated between 300,000 and 500,000 years ago .
Two Jews : Rich , and Poor ( Frankenstein suggested two separate portraits , still extant , as the basis for Samuel Goldenberg und Schmuyle ) , Gnomus , Tuileries ( now lost ) , Ballet of the Unhatched Chicks ( a ballet costume design ) , Catacombae , The Hut on Hen 's Legs ( Baba Yaga ) , and The Bogatyr Gates .
The holder of the presidency sets the agenda , hosts the summit for that year , and determines which ministerial meetings will take place .
Possible positions include : The woman lies on her back as in the missionary position .
She is known for her roles as Willow Rosenberg on the cult classic television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Michelle Flaherty in three American Pie films and Lily Aldrin on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother .
Pretoria is home to the National Zoological Gardens of South Africa as well as the Pretoria National Botanical Garden , one of the National Botanical Gardens in South Africa .
According to the Treaty of Westminster ending the First Anglo-Dutch War of 1652 - 1654 , Run should have been returned to England .
Distances for thoroughbred horse races in the United Kingdom , Ireland , Canada , and the United States are still given in miles and furlongs ( example ) .
History Lesson The band formed in early 2004 after Matthew and Paul met in 03 working as temps at Chester racecourse .
From 1447 to 1449 he was back at the Vatican , designing the frescoes for the Niccoline Chapel for Nicholas V/PERSON. The scenes from the lives of the two martyred deacons of the Early Christian Church , St. Stephen and St. Lawrence may have been executed wholly or in part by assistants .
It can involve such subjects as magic ( alternatively spelled and defined as magick ) , alchemy , extra-sensory perception , astrology , spiritualism , lithomancy , numerology etc. .
At age seventeen she won a scholarship from the Vancouver International Jazz Festival to study at Berklee College of Music in Boston .
Then the theatre was closed down to enable the completion of the finishing touches .
Luis caused very extensive damage in the northern Lesser Antilles , especially in Antigua , Barbuda , St. Barthelemy , St Martin and Anguilla with winds of 135 mph ( 215 km\/h ) , killing 17 people , leaving more than 20,000 homeless and causing at least $ 2.5 billion ( 1995 USD ) in damage through the affected areas .
They are completely amphibious fish , fish that can use their pectoral fins to walk on land .
Prominent Sophists include Protagoras ( 490-420 BCE ) from Abdera in Thrace , Gorgias ( 487-376 BCE ) from Leontini in Sicily , Hippias ( 485-415 BCE ) from Elis in the Peloponnesos , and Prodicus ( 465-390 BCE ) from the island of Ceos .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1928/1929 season .
Competitions are held between teams from both traditions with games alternating between codes , often one version being played in the morning and the other in the afternoon .
, k ne ` move ' + , rhynchos ` snout ' ) is a phylum of small ( 1 mm or less ) marine pseudocoelomate invertebrates that are widespread in mud or sand at all depths as part of the meiobenthos .
It is currently the largest annual pilgrimage in the world , Atlas of Holy Places , p. 29 and is the fifth pillar of Islam , a religious duty that must be carried out at least once in their lifetime by every able-bodied Muslim who can afford to do so .
Heartfire ( 1998 ) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
He made his conducting début at the Cologne Opera with Lortzing 's Waffenschmied in 1894 .
The word '' taupe '' derives from the Latin name for the European Mole , Talpa europaea .
The reigning emperor was .
Printing of the first volume began in the summer of 1948 with the founding of the State of Israel .
Peterhead ( ) is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Clermont-les-Fermes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Polity is closely related to Ecclesiology , the study of doctrine and theology relating to church organization .
A voltage has a polarity , in that it could be positive or negative ( with respect to some other voltage , such as the one at the other end of a battery or electric circuit ) .
Wausau ( pronounced , ) is a city in and the county seat of Marathon County , Wisconsin , United States .
Since Chinese New Year falls on different dates on the Gregorian calendar every year on different days of the week , some of these governments opt to shift working days in order to accommodate a longer public holiday .
Rouillon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Most marmots are highly social , and use loud whistles to communicate with one another , especially when alarmed .
See also Graham Bond musician ( died at the station ) .
In 1976 , Saddam rose to the position of general in the Iraqi armed forces , and rapidly became the strongman of the government .
Degenerate art is the English translation of the German entartete Kunst , a term adopted by the Nazi regime in Germany to describe virtually all modern art .
Examples include the Gnostics ( who had believed in an esoteric dualism called gnosis ) , the Ebionites ( who denied the divinity of Jesus ) , and the Arians ( who believed Jesus said '' My Father is greater than I '' ) .
Such criticism became untenable after 1933 .
Food is provided , at least in part , by members of the community , thereby creating nightly potluck dinners .
Standards such as PKCS # 1 have been carefully designed to securely pad messages prior to RSA encryption .
The Daily Telegraph is a daily morning broadsheet newspaper distributed throughout the United Kingdom and internationally .
Haravesnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Up to FrontPage 98 , the FrontPage Editor , which was used for designing pages was a separate application from the FrontPage Explorer which was used to manage website folders . With FrontPage 2000 , both programs were merged into the Editor .
West Kootenay Minor Football Association , Castlegar Sentinels Football Club .
During the Soviet period it was the most important port of trade in the Soviet Union and a Soviet naval base .
For the current loop , the magnetic dipole moment would point through the loop ( according to the right hand grip rule ) , with a magnitude equal to the current in the loop times the area of the loop .
How much time it will take to prepare the dish
Aside from the crusades , Alfonso stayed primarily in Paris , governing his estates by officials , inspectors who reviewed the officials work , and a constant stream of messages.Petit-Dutaillis 299-300 When Louis IX again engaged in a crusade ( the Eighth Crusade ) , Alphonse again raised a large sum of money and accompanied his brother .
Fatines is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Lund Khwar , also Lundkhwar , ( Pushto : Urdu : ) and pronounced '' \/O/ Lu : \/O/ + \/O/ nd \/O/ , \/O/ Kh \/O/ + \/O/ va ' \/O/ + \/O/ r : \/O/ '' is an historical village and union council of Takht Bhai Tehsil in Mardan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
Charlotte ( shar-LOT ) is a city in Clinton County , Iowa , United States .
The team consists of leader Barney Ross ( Sylvester Stallone ) , former SAS soldier and blades specialist Lee Christmas ( Jason Statham ) , martial artist Yin Yang ( Jet Li ) , sniper Gunner Jensen ( Dolph Lundgren ) , weapons specialist Hale Caesar ( Terry Crews ) and demolitions expert Toll Road ( Randy Couture ) .
Browneyed Soul ( , also written Brown Eyed Soul ) is a Korean RnB group who released their debut album , Soul Free , in September , 2003 .
Some can get very close to the Earth , making them a potential threat to our planet ( the closer their semi-major axis is to Earth 's , the less eccentricity is needed for the orbits to cross ) .
The word Acer is derived from a Latin word meaning '' sharp '' ( referring to the characteristic points on the leaves ) and was first applied to the genus by the French botanist Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in 1700 .
Arthur Mitchell Ransome ( 18 January 1884 - 3 June 1967 ) was an English author and journalist , best known for writing the Swallows and Amazons series of children 's books .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the Atlantic basin in 2004 . The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2010 season .
The city of Aachen , Germany begins adding a Roman numeral Anno Domini date to a few of its coins , the first city in the world to do so .
He was succeeded by the Most Revd Katharine Jefferts Schori , the first woman primate in the Anglican Communion .
Guernsey is a city in Poweshiek County , Iowa , United States .
In 1997 , Corey Taylor was recruited from local band Stone Sour and after practicing with Slipknot '' everything just clicked . ''
Lucius Aurelius Commodus Antoninus ( 31 August 161 - 31 December 192 ) was Roman Emperor from 180 to 192 .
The company is now part of Bloomsbury Publishing Plc and produces that company 's range of reference works .
Montreal was awarded the rights to the 1976 Games on May 12 , 1970 , at the 69th IOC Session in Amsterdam , over the bids of Moscow and Los Angeles , which later hosted the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympic Games , respectively .
Jacques Offenbach ( born Jacob Offenbach ; 20 June 1819 -- 5 October 1880 ) was a German-born French composer and cellist of the Romantic era and one of the originators of the operetta form .
When syndicating a show , the production company , or a distribution company or '' syndicator '' , usually attempts to sell the show to one station in each media market or area , in the country and around the world .
For example , in the phrase '' most complete selection of wines in the Midwest , '' '' most complete '' does n't mean '' closest to having all elements represented '' , it merely connotes a well-rounded , relatively extensive selection .
Much of the park is classified as wilderness area , where vehicles are unable to visit .
Animated sequels and movie-length episodes of animated series are also often released in this fashion .
The pair were transferred to Dartmoor Prison on 21 October 1851 , but shortly afterwards Johns was transferred to the Woolwich prison hulk Justitia , probably for disciplinary reasons .
Hip dysplasia is a major problem for the breed , with 63.8 % of pugs being affected according to a survey performed by the Orthopedic Foundation for Animals , and they were ranked second worst affected by the condition out of 157 breeds tested .
In 1314 , internal discord allowed Uguccione della Faggiuola of Pisa to make himself lord of Lucca .
The table below details World Championship Grand Prix results for the McLaren Formula One team .
The New Musical Express ( better known as the NME ) is a popular music magazine in the United Kingdom which has been published weekly since March 1952 .
Lyrics Sons and daughters of Saint Lucia , love the land that gave us birth , land of beaches , hills and valleys , fairest isle of all the earth .
Following his retirement , he went on to publish more than 200 articles , in a variety of journals- more than some reputable scientists publish in their entire careers ; 14 of his 25 books were published after he was 65 .
During filming of the pilot episode , Whedon was still arguing with Fox that the show should be displayed in widescreen format .
The Advanced Packaging Tool , or APT , is a free user interface that works with core libraries to handle the installation and removal of software on the Debian GNU\/Linux distribution and its variants .
Stowe mentioned a number of the inspirations and sources for her novel in A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin ( 1853 ) .
It is situated near Lake Federsee , which is separated from the town by a wide reed belt .
Religion and beliefs They appears to practicee a vague ancestor worship , but the northern tribes have two gods , Awafwa and Ishishemi , the spirits of good and evil .
Neuville-Saint-Vaast is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The first recorded use of regimental ( the original name for the color now called Persian indigo ) as a color name in English was in 1912 .
Since 2009 , she has played the role of Sue Sylvester in the Fox musical-comedy series Glee for which she has won an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award .
Evelyn wore the mask in Bride of Pretorius , which was also her only appearance .
Other well-known Muppets include Sesame Street characters such as Big Bird , Oscar the Grouch , Elmo , Zoe , Bert and Ernie , Cookie Monster , Grover , Abby Cadabby and The Count , as well as the main characters of Fraggle Rock .
Gauges and other measuring systems Body jewelry is measured in gauges from 20g up to 00g ; sizes larger than that are measured in fractions of inches .
A center portion of the original building remains today .
Mauve ( , rhymes with '' stove '' ; from the French form of Malva '' mallow '' ) is a pale lavender-lilac color , one of many in the range of purples .
He currently plays for the Japanese team Yokohama F. Marinos .
Dio Cassius recounts that over 9,000 wild animals were killed during the inaugural games of the amphitheatre .
Nelson Eddy narrates and performs all the voices in this segment .
Mixed by Chris Lord-Alge at Resonate Sound in Burbank , California , The Sufferer & the Witness was released on July 4 , 2006 .
A natural diasaster is the effect of a natural hazard ( e.g. , flood , tornado , hurricane , volcanic eruption , earthquake , or landslide ) .
Breaching In spite of their enormous size , baleen whales are able to leap completely out of the water .
Between 1692 -- 1791 it was the capital of Principality of Transylvania .
Treaty of Berlin ( German-Soviet Neutrality and Nonaggression Pact of April 1926 ) - the treaty of 24 April 1926 under which Germany and the Soviet Union each pledged neutrality in the event of an attack on the other by a third party for the next five years .
The girls performed the theme songs for Teen Cribs and A Double Shot at Love on MTV , and their third official U.S. EP was released on September 7th 2010 .
My Opposition consists of 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages .
He rose to international prominence as conductor of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and since 2002berliner-philharmoniker .
Thomas Heatherwick ( born 17 February 1970 ) is an English designer and artist known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
The band is managed by Steve Miller on guitar and lead vocals .
The area contains an extensive Egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly -- established and built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty ( c. 1353 BC ) , and abandoned shortly afterwards .
Though these animals are similar to pet mice and rats , the tail of a spiny mouse is much more delicate .
ZoneAlarm is a personal firewall software application originally developed by Zone Labs , which was acquired in March 2004 by Check PointCheck Point acquires Zone Labs March 2004 .
The fruit is usually a single-seeded drupe , Arecaceae in Flora of North America but some genera ( e.g. Salacca ) may contain two or more seeds in each fruit .
The Sea of Azov ( - Azovskoye more ; - Azovs ` ke more , ) is a sea on the south of Eastern Europe .
Libertarian municipalism intends to create a situation in which the two powers -- the municipal confederations and the nation-state -- can not coexist .
His major works include the novels Querelle of Brest , The Thief 's Journal , and Our Lady of the Flowers , and the plays The Balcony , The Blacks , The Maids and The Screens .
The other three members -- Ye Eun , Sun Mi and So Hee -- performed a cover of Janet Jackson 's '' Together Again '' .
It has been speculated that the Vitast must have been one of the seven rivers ( sapta-sindhu ) mentioned so many times in the Rigveda .
Today , together with her mother , Meave Leakey , she leads the Koobi Fora research project , which has been the main program behind some of the most notable hominid fossil discoveries of the past two decades , the most recent being Kenyanthropus platyops .
Classed as a Premium Station , it is in Metcard Zone 1 .
Each guru added to and reinforced the message taught by the previous , resulting in the creation of the Sikh religion .
With Poole and Christchurch it forms the South East Dorset conurbation , which has a total population of approximately 400,000 .
However , the distinction is not clear-cut , and many games are also considered to be work ( such as professional players of spectator sports\/games ) or art ( such as jigsaw puzzles or games involving an artistic layout such as Mahjong solitaire , or some video games ) .
After the crew was rescued , Captain Walls struggled against the storm for days without food or fresh water .
The satellite was reported on 12 March 1994 .
Flora Jane Thompson ( 5 December 1876 & ndash ; 21 May 1947 ) was an English novelist and poet famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside , Lark Rise to Candleford .
In 1986 , the International Olympic Committee voted to separate the Summer and Winter Games , which had been held in the same year since 1924 , and place them in alternating even-numbered years , beginning in 1994 .
The word '' skyscraper '' originally was a nautical term referring to a tall mast or its main sail on a sailing ship .
Notes External links Amazigh/Berber Culture The New Mass Media and the Shaping of Amazigh Identity .
The Look of Love went to number one on the Canadian album charts and went quadruple platinum in that country .
The 1956 Winter Olympics , officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Church of San Francesco .
It is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,609 Mm in 1354 d at an inclination of 168 to the ecliptic ( 160 to Saturn 's equator ) in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.186 .
The Norwegian Refugee Council ( NRC , ) is an independent , humanitarian non-governmental organization which provides assistance , protection and durable solutions to refugees , internally displaced persons , and returnees worldwide .
Located in the Arctic Ocean , it is the 31st largest island in the world and Canada 's seventh largest island .
Enslavement is also taking place in parts of Africa , in the Middle East , and in South Asia . The Middle East Quarterly reports that slavery is still endemic in Sudan .
In a final battle , the witch is defeated and killed by Aslan .
Cannelton is a city in Troy Township , Perry County , Indiana , along the Ohio River .
An electrode is an electrical conductor used to make contact with a nonmetallic part of a circuit ( e.g. a semiconductor , an electrolyte or a vacuum ) .
He is the only tennis player to have twice won all four Grand Slam singles titles in the same year -- first as an amateur in 1962 and second as a professional in 1969 .
Mikhail Tal ( ; , Michail Nechem ` evi Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal ; November 9 , 1936 & ndash ; June 28 , 1992 ) was a Soviet & ndash ; Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
On April 7 , 1994 , the Royal Philharmonic under the direction of Sir Gilbert Levine performed at the Vatican in the historic '' Papal Concert to Commemorate the Holocaust '' , with cellist Lynn Harrell and Academy Award-winning actor Richard Dreyfuss as narrator .
Across southeastern Texas , the cyclone spawned several funnel clouds , and near Iah a EF0 tornado was reported .
Taymor 's most recent work has been as director of the film Across the Universe , a 1960s love story set to the music of The Beatles , and starring Jim Sturgess and Evan Rachel Wood .
In his Sphere , Autolycus studied the characteristics and movement of a sphere .
Bangui , being in the south of the country and thus closest to the equator , is slightly hotter and wetter than the northern parts of the country .
The words were written by Seydou Badian Kouyaté and the music was by Banzoumana Sissoko .
Ganz also made / makes : ships ( Ganz Danubius ) , bridge steel structures ( Ganz Acélszerkezet ) , high voltage equipment ( Ganz Transelektro ) .
is a console role-playing game developed and published by Square ( now Square Enix ) for Sony 's PlayStation 2 .
Friendship is a town in Hot Spring County , Arkansas , United States .
Within a short time of publication , Moss lost major modelling contracts with several international companies .
Some of these Chinese texts show the influences of Japanese grammar , such as word order placing the verb after the object ( as in Japanese ) rather than before ( as in Chinese ) .
The United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs ( UNOOSA ) is an organization of the General Assembly charged with implementing the Assembly 's outer space-related policies . It is located in the United Nations Office in Vienna .
Chinese martial arts , also referred to by the Mandarin Chinese term wushu ( ) and popularly as kung fu ( ) , are a number of fighting styles that have developed over the centuries in China .
Athletic may refer to :
Maley & Taunton is a defunct tram and tramway engineering company .
Danville is a city in Vermilion County , Illinois , United States .
On 5 October 2008 , they reached number 70 on the national singles chart and number one on the UK Dance Chart again with their single '' Pieces '' featuring vocals by Plan B/O. In 2009 , they made number 45 with '' Against All Odds '' which featured UK rapper Kano .
Other active bushrangers included Dan Morgan , based in the Murray River , and Captain Thunderbolt , killed outside Uralla .
The Iwami Ginzan , now a UNESCO World Heritage Site produced silver and was one of the nation 's largest silver mine by the early 17th century .
Weathering is the decomposition of Earth rocks , soils and minerals through direct contact with the planet 's atmosphere .
August 18 -- Urbain Grandier , a priest accused of sorcery , is burned alive in Loudun , France .
The hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) is transmitted by blood-to-blood contact .
ISBN 0896084272 .
These symmetric dips bear some similarity to the method by which the Rings of Uranus were discovered in 1977 .
After six years of medical school , the students graduate with a final federal medical exam ( ' ) .
If the angle between the sides is a right angle it reduces to the Pythagorean theorem .
The Lake District , also known as The Lakes or Lakeland , is a rural area in North West England .
Tsukasa Hosaka ( born March 3 , 1937 in Japan ) is a former Japanese football player and manager .
To link to a section in the same page you can use : displayed text , and to link to a section in another page : displayed text .
However , Ralph Molnar in 2004 determined a range of potential sizes for Megalania ( made by scaling up from dorsal vertebrae , after he determined a relationship between dorsal vertebrae length and total body length ) .
Burtt is credited with naming the scream after Private Wilhelm ( see The Charge at Feather River ) .
When Hunter sees a spider he falls and ends up falling straight down to the center of the Earth , into the fantastic subterranean world of Arachna .
The first subtropical storm of the season formed in the east-central Gulf of Mexico on June 18 , and moved northeast for its entire life cycle .
The supposed drug reference in the line '' I 'd love to turn you on '' resulted in the song initially being banned from broadcast by the BBC .
CBE ( born 2 February 1944 ) is a British conductor .
After winning several titles in lower Formulas , Klien moved into Formula One , driving for the Jaguar Racing team , alongside Mark Webber .
Many groups of freshwater fish extract oxygen from the air as well as from the water using a variety of different structures .
The compromise that was worked out established the President pro tempore of the Senate as next in line of succession after the Vice President , followed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives .
The Warriors is a 1979 cult action/thriller film directed by Walter Hill and based on the 1965 novel by Sol Yurick .
Solvation , also sometimes called dissolution , is the process of attraction and association of molecules of a solvent with molecules or ions of a solute .
Aegukga is the national anthem of South Korea .
k is the force constant ( or spring constant ) ( in SI units : '' N m-1 '' or '' kgs-2 '' ) .
In the early 1960s Belgium was divided into four linguistic areas , the Dutch speaking Flemish area , the French speaking area , the bilingual capital of Brussels , and the German speaking area of the east cantons .
It is considered a counterpart to the white or yellow angel food cake .
Mont-de-Marsan is a commune and capital of the Landes department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
The Romans landed at Poole during their conquest of Britain in the 1st century and took over an Iron Age settlement at Hamworthy , an area just west of the modern town center . In Anglo-Saxon times , Poole was included in the Kingdom of Wessex .
See : stream cipher attack Wired Equivalent Privacy ( WEP ) , the first security protocol for Wi-Fi , proved vulnerable to several attacks , most of them ciphertext-only .
FC Nuremberg ( ) is a German football club in Nuremberg , Bavaria .
Once a niche is left vacant , other organisms can fill that position .
Arnaldo Ariel '' El Burrito '' Ortega ( born March 4 , 1974 in Ledesma , Jujuy ) is an Argentine football attacking midfielder , who plays for River Plate .
Much of the city was reduced to rubble by the German forces who occupied it twice during the Great Patriotic War ( 1941-1945 ) - in 1941 and 1942 .
The following is a sortable table of the municipalities and municipal districts with population figures as of the 2008 census .
The term is commonly applied when commercial space is converted into residential space or a rental residential apartment house changes from a rental property to co-operative ownership .
The Cortina engine was also the basis for the FVA , an F2 engine introduced in 1966 , and developed under the same contract as the DFV , for the new 1.6 litre engine rules .
Secret Service Uniformed Division Officers would not admit him to the grounds .
The octave relationship is a natural phenomenon which has been referred to as the '' basic miracle of music , '' the use of which is '' common in most musical systems .
He also compiled his Technique de mon langage musical ( '' Technique of my musical language '' ) published in 1944 , in which he quotes many examples from his music , particularly the Quartet .
Flashing back to 1974 , we see how Homer falls in love with Marge in high school and tries to get close to her by enlisting her as his French tutor .
Hesmond is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He is regarded as one of the greatest British poets and remains widely read and influential .
The Inn still serves as a hotel , as well as post office and general store .
Earth 's crust , averaging 40 km , is only a third as thick as Mars ' crust relative to the sizes of the two planets .
Cantaron is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Steven John '' Steve '' Carell ( ; born August 16 , 1962 ) is an American actor , comedian , voice artist , producer , director and writer .
Tamarac is a city in Broward County , Florida , United States .
As a result of a staged injury , Finlay was placed on a stretcher and brought away from the ring , and Mysterio followed .
Brian Johnson ( born 5 October 1947 ) is an English singer and lyricist who has been the lead singer for the rock band AC\/DC since 1980 .
List of Cascade volcanoes
The arms showed a bear chained to a wych-elm tree , which formed part of the insignia of the borough of Berwick upon Tweed , and was an heraldic pun on the town and county 's name .
The bullet must also engage the rifling without damaging the gun 's bore .
From 1945 through 1949 , displaced persons and refugees were housed in the kaserne .
This is possible in all hair types if the hair is allowed to grow naturally without grooming or conditioning for a long period of time .
A disturbance developed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August .
USCGC Eagle , the name of various United States Coast Guard ships
There was limited contact between North American people and the outside world before 1492 .
His first published work was a Piano Sonata in D minor .
Fort Collins is a large college town , home to Colorado State University .
He also had a successful spell with Ionikos in Greece .
The 1960 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1960 , and lasted until November 15 , 1960 .
He later studied geology and mineralogy in the Sheffield Scientific School , New Haven , and afterwards paleontology and anatomy in Berlin , Heidelberg and Breslau .
Sisseln is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
F is the normal force ,
official_name = Tulcea
The demise of the Alouettes , leaving only three teams in the East Division compared to five teams in the West Division , forced the League to alter its playoff structure by moving the easternmost Western team , the Winnipeg Blue Bombers , into the East Division , upsetting the long-standing tradition of '' East vs. West '' , as Winnipeg is not considered part of eastern Canada .
Jefferies has also managed Gala Fairydean , Berwick Rangers , Falkirk , Bradford City and Kilmarnock .
Early period 1970-1976 After graduating from the Faculty of Fine Arts with a BA in graphic design , Guity Novin was employed as a graphic designer in the Department of Graphic Arts at the Ministry of Culture and Arts ( MCA ) in Tehran , in 1970 .
South Atlantic tropical cyclones are unusual weather events that occur in the southern hemisphere .
Both tracks were then added to the Young Americans album .
When raw milk is left standing for a while , it turns '' sour '' .
It governed that country from 1964 to 1991 under the presidency of Kenneth Kaunda .
Common materials used for centuries in architectural model building were card stock , balsa wood , basswood and other woods .
The Cauchy- Lorentz distribution , named after Augustin Cauchy and Hendrik Lorentz , is a continuous probability distribution .
On stage , NIN often employs visual elements to accompany performances , which frequently include light shows .
The flag of the state of Oklahoma consists of a traditional Osage Nation buffalo-skin shield with seven eagle feathers on a sky blue field .
Malta , officially the Republic of Malta ( ) , is a southern European country and consists of an archipelago situated centrally in the Mediterranean , 93 km south of Sicily and 288 km east of Tunisia , with the Strait of Gibraltar 1,826 km to the west and Alexandria 1,510 km to the east .
After the Conservatives lost the 1880 election and Disraeli 's death the year after , Salisbury emerged as Conservative leader in the House of Lords , with Sir Stafford Northcote leading the party in the Commons .
He also invented Drinking Chocolate Milk and gave his name to Sloane Square in London , and Sir Hans Slone Square in his birthplace Killyleagh .
Currency conversion or exchange rate
Heart is a rock band whose founding members came from Seattle , Washington , USA in the early 1970s .
Chief Joseph ( March 3 , 1840 & ndash ; September 21 , 1904 ) was the chief of the Wal-lam-wat-kain ( Wallowa ) band of Nez Perce during General Oliver O. Howard 's attempt to forcibly remove his band and the other '' non-treaty '' Nez Perce to a reservation in Idaho .
The population was 57,755 at the 2000 census .
was , by marriage , Countess of Blois , Chartres , and Meaux .
This marked the first time in Stanley Cup play that a goalie was pulled for an extra attacker .
Amidst these intrigues , the Assembly continued to work on developing a constitution .
In the mid-20th century , the city was the setting for parts of the musical and film The Sound of Music , which also features famous landmarks in Austria .
It signifies a high-resolve or a standard of high-status .
It was held by Oliver Cromwell ( December 1653 -- September 1658 ) and his son and designated successor Richard Cromwell ( September 1658 -- May 1659 ) during what is now known as The Protectorate .
Barshore
Complexity varies from low , with a single microcontroller chip , to very high with multiple units , peripherals and networks mounted inside a large chassis or enclosure .
Gellar appeared in the sequel The Grudge 2 , which opened in October 2006 ; in the film , she has a minor role reprising her character from the first film .
The Toei Asakusa Line began service to Shimbashi in 1968 , and the elevated Yurikamome station opened in 1995 .
In the 1950s , Chomsky began developing his theory of generative grammar , which has undergone numerous revisions and has had a profound influence on linguistics .
Alyson Renae Michalka ( born March 25 , 1989 ) , often credited as Aly , is an American actress , singer-songwriter , guitarist , and pianist .
Intimacy ( 2008 -- present ) '' Mercury '' , the first single from Bloc Party 's third album Intimacy , was played as an exclusive on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show on 7 July 2008 , before being uploaded to the radio station 's website fifteen minutes later .
He was the 25th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church .
Kurt Josef Waldheim ( ; 21 December 1918 - 14 June 2007 ) was an Austrian diplomat and politician .
First of all , he announced that Bret Hart would not be coming to attend the event because he did not feel comfortable .
Subsequently he went with John Oxley and Meehan to Jervis Bay .
Thomas Palmer -- the husband of Charlotte Palmer who is running for a seat in Parliament , but is idle and often rude .
Thrash metal songs typically use fast , percussive and low-register guitar riffs , overlaid with shredding-style lead work .
The next day , Stoneman and his cavalry went into camp at Glade Spring , Virginia , which was approximately west of Marion .
The Ultimate Fighter is a reality television series and mixed martial arts ( MMA ) competition , originating from the United States and produced by Spike TV and the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) .
The epididymis ( , plural : epididymides ) is part of the male reproductive system and is present in all male mammals .
Swells generated by the storm capsized a boat along the Florida coastline , causing two fatalities .
Southern Ontario is the portion of the Canadian province of Ontario lying south of the French River and Algonquin Park .
The endocrine system is instrumental in regulating metabolism , growth , development and puberty , and tissue function and also plays a part in determining mood .
Allied with China under the Tang dynasty , Silla conquered Goguryeo in 668 , after having already conquered Gaya in 562 and Baekje in 660 , thus ushering in the North-South states period with Later Silla to the south and Balhae to the north .
Manacor is famous for furniture manufacture and artificial pearls .
Primarily known as a voiceover actor , some of his roles include Boris The Cosmonaut Monkey in Brandy & Mr. Whiskers , Daddy Bailey in Xiaolin Showdown and Jack M. Crazyfish in SpongeBob SquarePants .
Class 319 units have dual-power pick-up , from either 25 kV alternating current ( AC ) overhead lines for services north of London , or 750 V direct current ( DC ) third rail to the south .
Crochet ( ) is a process of creating fabric from yarn or thread using a crochet hook .
Koekelberg is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
Sir Arthur Ignatius Conan Doyle , DL ( 22 May 1859 - 7 July 1930 ) was a Scottish physician and writer , most noted for his stories about the detective Sherlock Holmes , which are generally considered a major innovation in the field of crime fiction , and for the adventures of Professor Challenger .
Los Angeles , California , U.S.
The North Stars defeated the Edmonton Oilers to become the first Norris Division team to appear in the Stanley Cup Finals since the 1981 realignment .
Conciliarism , or the conciliar movement , was a reform movement in the 14th , 15th and 16th century Roman Catholic Church which held that final authority in spiritual matters resided with the Roman Church as corporation of Christians , embodied by a general church council , not with the pope .
Araluen ( ) is a small town near Braidwood in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia , in Palerang Council .
The territorial fish protects the anemone from anemone-eating fish , and in turn the stinging tentacles of the anemone protect the clownfish from its predators .
Vyvyan accepts Mike 's role as the house leader whereas Mike needs Vyvyan 's physique and willingness to act forcibly to enforce his own authority ( as was literally shown in '' Oil '' when Vyvyan became ` Col. Vyvyan ' , the right-hand-man to Mike 's ` El Presidente ' ) .
Barnsley Football Club are a professional English football club based in the town of Barnsley , South Yorkshire .
Further information about printed books can be found in the FAQ .
He worked in factories in various cities during World War II , drifting until he found himself in Detroit in 1948 working at Ford Motor Company .
is the second studio album by the English rock band Oasis .
While the marriage was happy for several years , they separated nine years later .
Other serious nuclear and radiation accidents include the Mayak disaster , Soviet submarine K-431 accident , Soviet submarine K-19 accident , Three Mile Island accident , Costa Rica radiotherapy accident , Zaragoza radiotherapy accident , Goiania accident , Windscale fire , Church Rock Uranium Mill Spill and the SL-1 accident .
For example searching 5 in base 2 in google results in 5 = 0b101 .
A hurricane struck Dominica and Puerto Rico between July 22 and July 24 .
Squamata , or the scaled reptiles , is the largest recent order of reptiles , including lizards and snakes .
June 3 & ndash ; Manuel de Faria e Sousa , Portugues historian and poet ( b. 1590 )
Operations started on 1 January 1946 using three de Havilland DH .89 A Dragon Rapides on services between Beirut and Nicosia , followed by flights to Iraq , Egypt , Syria , and Cyprus .
The earliest form of musical notation can be found in a cuneiform tablet that was created at Nippur , Iraq in about 2000 B.C. .
He was an original member of the Institut and a chevalier of the Legion of Honour .
Vernon and Irene Castle are interred together in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx , New York .
The White Seal : Kotick , a rare white-furred Northern fur seal , searches for a new home for his people , where they will not be hunted by humans .
By the morning of 10 February , 101 bodies had been transported to the temporary morgue .
Ecocide is thought by some green economists to be accelerated by debt instruments which demand a yield greater than the ecological capacity to renew .
March 21 , 1994 : Jim Johnson traded from Dallas to Washington for Alan May and Washington 's seventh round pick in 1995 Entry Draft .
Boston
Some languages like Chickasaw and Kalaallisut have the opposite pattern : rising for statements and falling with questions .
Tizac-de-Lapouyade is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
colspan = 5 Toei Subway
However , Entertainment Weekly commented that the song 's beat can be recreated through a slowed-down drum loop from the Apple music-software program GarageBand .
The foreign minister is generally the most well-traveled member of any cabinet .
It was founded in 2000 with nine colleges and universities as its members .
The head and body length is 118 m with a tail of 37 m/O. This tail is unusually short relative to the body length ( ratio of 37 % ) and is considered an important diagnostic feature .
The series was written by Lucy Prebble , who is also known as the author of The Sugar Syndrome and ENRON .
History The lake was named for the French explorer Samuel de Champlain , who encountered it in 1609 .
All lymphocytes originate , during this process , from a common lymphoid progenitor before differentiating into their distinct lymphocyte types .
Vithoba 's main temple stands at Pandharpur in Maharashtra , close to the Karnataka border .
A province is a territorial unit , almost always an administrative division , within a country or state .
An arpeggiated chord may be written with a squiggly vertical line in front of the chord .
The head and body length is with a tail of .
Daniel Handler , still under the name of Lemony Snicket , is to write a new series of four books that are presently untitled , to be released in 2012 . Daniel Handler has also written or contributed to other works under the Lemony Snicket persona that are not related to A Series of Unfortunate Events .
After the Great War broke out , heavy fights for the area erupted .
Monchy-Cayeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Zenwalk aims to be a modern and multi-purpose Linux distribution by focusing on Internet applications , multimedia and programming tools .
In modern times , the largest known prime has almost always been a Mersenne prime .
Vidia challenges her to prove she 'll be able to go to the mainland , and Tinker Bell creates several inventions , which she shows to the Minister of Spring ( Steve Valentine ) .
All games have been played at Legion Field in Birmingham , Alabama .
Trois-Monts ( French for three-mountains ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
One of the oldest towns in Siberia , Tomsk celebrated its 400th anniversary in 2004 .
Messages are encrypted with the recipient 's public key and can only be decrypted with the corresponding private key .
She was born in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Space Shuttle Endeavour ( Orbiter Vehicle Designation : OV-105 ) is one of two currently operational orbiters in the Space Shuttle fleet of NASA , the space agency of the United States .
In November 1998 , astronomers at the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope on Mauna Kea , Hawaii , discovered a small moon orbiting Eugenia .
They can be divided into :
Georges-Pierre Seurat ( ; 2 December 1859 -- 29 March 1891 ) was a French Post-Impressionist painter and draftsman .
'' K ma '' means sensual or sexual pleasure , and '' s tra '' literally means a thread or line that holds things together , and more metaphorically refers to an aphorism ( or line , rule , formula ) , or a collection of such aphorisms in the form of a manual .
In other words , the difference between language and dialect is the difference between the abstract or general and the concrete and particular .
It was filmed in 2002 and 13 episodes aired weekly in the United States on CBS from February 13 - May 11 , 2003 .
Harold Edward Holt , CH ( 5 August 1908 17 December 1967 ) was an Australian politician who became the 17th Prime Minister of Australia in 1966 .
Belinda is an inner satellite of the planet Uranus .
In 2008 , she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , together with her former boss Luc Montagnier , for their discovery of HIV .
Richardson ( 2005 ) , pp 10 16 The name Texas derives from , a word in the Caddoan language of the Hasinai , which means '' friends '' or '' allies .
Chamberlain was the father of Sir Austen Chamberlain and Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain .
Cultures at war : moral conflicts in western democracies .
One day later , the 50th Redstone rocket was successfully launched from Johnston Atoll in the south Pacific as part of Operation Hardtack I. Two years later , NASA opened the Marshall Space Flight Center at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville , and the ABMA development team led by von Braun was transferred to NASA .
The town of Chandpur is terminus of a metre gauge branch of Bangladesh Railways .
The British Empire gained control over the island in 1878 , with Nicosia serving as the capital of the new British possession .
Cynanchum laeve ( syn .
British influence would continue to grow as the country developed , culminating with the appointment of Charles Belgrave as an advisor ; Belgrave of Bahrain : The Life of Charles Dalrymple Belgrave , Emirates Natural History Group , 2007 Belgrave established modern education systems in Bahrain .
CNR.com also provided access to thousands of web-based applications , providing the Linux community with the option of local Linux and web software , available through a single source .
Trevor Hemmings was born in Woolwich , London , England in 1935 and was brought up in Leyland , Lancashire but now lives in the Isle of Man , Jersey and Ireland .
Gary Lightbody ( born 15 June 1976 in Bangor , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish musician and songwriter from Northern Ireland , best known as the lead vocalist of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol .
A medical illustrator is a professional artist who interprets and creates visual material to help record and disseminate medical , biological and related knowledge .
Norwalk is a city in Polk and Warren counties in the U.S. state of Iowa .
The mantle cavity functions as a respiratory chamber in most molluscs .
Diving ( nearly ) vertically at the target , in the same direction the bombs will take , the aircraft will release the bombs very close to the target at high speed .
The posthumous name is commonly used when naming royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
However , in ancient times and even in the Middle Ages , only a few dozen people actually lived in the settlements around the Emscher basin .
The Nazis encouraged the Ustase 's anti-Jewish and anti-Roma actions and showed support for the extermination of Serb policy .
It is located in the southern part of the province .
The area is often referred to as the ` Vale of the White Horse ' .
Mark Anthony Delaney ( born 13 May 1976 in Haverfordwest ) is a retired Wales footballer who played for Carmarthen Town , Cardiff City and Aston Villa as a right back .
'' Original '' was the debut album , and soon after , her second album , '' Ellacadabra '' was released in late 2005 .
Ueli Maurer ( SVP ) , Federal Department of Defence , Civil Protection and Sports Origins and history of the Federal Council Origins of the institution The Federal Council was instituted by the 1848 Federal Constitution as the '' supreme executive and directorial authority of the Confederation '' .
The American Association ( AA ) was a Major League Baseball league that existed for 10 seasons from to .
Heinrich Luitpold Himmler ( 7 October 1900 -- 23 May 1945 ) was Chief of the German Police and Minister of the Interior .
There is a frequent service of trains to London Waterloo and to the suburbs of south-west London .
Ice Cap Retrieved on 2008-02-10 It is bounded to the east by Baffin Bay , Davis Strait and the Labrador Sea while its northern portion is bounded by the Arctic Ocean .
Baruch or Benedict de Spinoza ( , , ) ( November 24 , 1632 -- February 21 , 1677 ) was a Dutch philosopher of Portuguese Jewish origin .
In 2001 , Rattle conducted the OAE at Glyndebourne in their first production of Fidelio with a period-instrument orchestra .
The Wehrmacht ( Defence Force ) was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
Under the Radcliffe Award , Shakargarh tehsil was transferred to Pakistan and attached with Sialkot District . However with the creation of Narowal District on 1 July 1991 , Shakargarh became tehsil headquarters was included as one of its tehsils .
The word radical is coined with this meaning , from Latin radix , meaning '' root '' .
Kikuyu speak Kikuyu , a Bantu language , as their native tongue .
Secretary of State John Foster Dulles defined the Middle East as '' the area lying between and including Libya on the west and Pakistan on the east , Syria and Iraq on the North and the Arabian peninsula to the south , plus the Sudan and Ethiopia . ''
This name comes from '' Doktoro Esperanto , '' which is what Zamenhof called himself when he made the first book about Esperanto .
It was the second centaur found by him ( 5145 Pholus being his previous find ) , and the third centaur discovery ( 2060 Chiron was the first ) .
It is the one most frequently adopted in large cities , although the other form , council-manager government , is the typical local government form of more municipalities .
Decent people wo n't believe angry remarks that others say about you .
The team play their home matches at the Memorial Stadium , in the Horfield area of the city , and have played in League One since being promoted via the League Two playoffs at the end of the 2006 -- 07 season .
A vacuum tube diode ( now little used except in some high-power technologies ) is a vacuum tube with two electrodes : a plate and a cathode .
The Dingo Fence was built along the national park 's northern boundary .
Shot on a budget of just $ 500,000 ( the producers gave a false figure of $ 1.5 million to help their negotiating position with distributors ) , the film earned over $ 55 million worldwide and was named one of the top cult films by Entertainment Weekly in 2003 .
This allowed Sandra , Lill , and Darrah to hatch a plan to vote off Burton , having Sandra act as if the next vote settled and that she would be eliminated .
Kerberos works on the basis of '' tickets '' which serve to prove the identity of users .
Dillwyn is an incorporated town in Buckingham County , Virginia , in the United States .
In 2001 , the Ultra Series was cited in the Guinness Book of World Records as the record-holder for the most number of spin-off shows .
Le Parcq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Rudolf Augstein , owner and editor-in-chief of the influential Der Spiegel magazine , had been arrested on Strauss 's request and was held for 103 days .
Aguilera signed to RCA Records after recording '' Reflection '' Biography Christina Aguilera Biography RCA Records artist page .
However , the Choir is particularly renowned for its performance of Gregorian chant and polyphony of the Renaissance .
In other words a heat pump can change which coil is the condenser and which the evaporator .
e4 e6 , the game usually continues 2 .
On this day it is customary for men to give the women in their lives - mothers , wives , girlfriends , daughters , colleagues , etc. - flowers and small gifts .
Before the independence of Pakistan , Shakargarh was the headquarters of Shakargarh Tehsil , which formed part of Gurdaspur district ( now in India ) .
Metropolis is a city located along the Ohio River in Massac County , Illinois , in the United States .
In 2008 , the Speedway added the Indianapolis motorcycle Grand Prix , a Grand Prix motorcycle racing event .
Surrain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Following this disappointment he travelled to Weimar , where he met Liszt , and Cologne in order to see productions of Richard Wagner 's Der Ring des Nibelungen .
Most of the tract , also called Shaksgam , is composed of the Shaksgam Valley .
Indian Hills is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States , along the Ohio River .
A louver ( American English ) or louvre ( British English ) , from the French l'ouvert ; '' the open one '' ) is a window , blind or shutter with horizontal slats that are angled to admit light and air , but to keep out rain , direct sunshine , and noise .
Augusta Ada King , Countess of Lovelace ( 10 December 1815 -- 27 November 1852 ) , born Augusta Ada Byron , was an English writer chiefly known for her work on Charles Babbage 's early mechanical general-purpose computer , the analytical engine .
Coldplay performed some of the song live on The Simpsons Season 21 episode , '' Million Dollar Maybe '' .
English dictionaries describe finger as meaning either one of the five digits including the thumb , or one of the four excluding the thumb ( in which case they are numbered from 1 to 4 starting with the index finger closest to the thumb ) .
In 1975 , Meir was awarded the Israel Prize for her special contribution to the State of Israel .
October 28 & ndash ; Francis Borgia , General of the Jesuits ( d. 1572 )
Josip Skoko ( born 10 December 1975 in Mount Gambier , South Australia , Australia ) is a former Australian football ( soccer ) player of Croatian heritage .
Montigny-le-Franc is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1996 it was the scene of the worst mass murder event in post-colonial Australian history .
The results or ` fruits ' of actions are called .
At the 2006 census , Euroa had a population of 2,776 .
China 's One-child policy is expected to end .
Ramadan ( Arabic : ) is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar , and the month in which the Qur ` an was revealed .
A Microtiter plate ( spelt Microtitre in Europe ) or microplate is a flat plate with multiple '' wells '' used as small test tubes .
He also adopted Anaxagoras ' cosmic thought .
He was part of the Japan national team for the 1964 Summer Olympics football competition in Tokyo .
The first TV cook in England was Fanny Craddock who had her show on the BBC , later followed by chefs such as Graham Kerr ( known as the Galloping Gourmet ) .
Every Victoria line station apart from Pimlico was built as an interchange station , and several existing stations were rearranged to allow for cross-platform interchange with the new line .
Lugos is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Wisdom of the Crowds by James Surowiecki Similar phenomena have been noted in processionary caterpillars and fish .
Bull Shoals is a city in Marion County , Arkansas , United States .
There are two basic types of oil tankers : the crude tanker and the product tanker .
Such tracks are still navigable by well-equipped four-wheel-drive vehicles which must carry extra fuel and water .
From 1968 to 1973 , he was Professor and Director at Technical University of Hannover .
Page is never to be used for closing down an article 's normal development and community editing .
The gastropods which have a lung all belong to one group with common descent , the Pulmonata , however , the gastropods with gills are paraphyletic .
Murray Hill is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg ( 30 November 1719 - 8 February 1772 ) was Princess of Wales between 1736 and 1751 , and Dowager Princess of Wales thereafter .
Teotihuacan , The Metropolitan Museum of Art Olmec cities La Venta -- In the present day Mexican state of Tabasco .
Zaragoza was also very powerful and expansive , but inhibited by the neighbor Christian states of the Pyrenees .
On that night Raw defeated Nitro in the ratings for the first time since June 10 , 1996 .
Raynald of Chatillon is released from prison in Aleppo .
King Afonso I of Portugal takes Abrantes from the Moors .
In 1845 the Valais joined the Catholic separatist league ( Sonderbund ) , but chose not to fight the troops of the confederation in 1847 and submitted to the federal forces .
Austrian ethologist and Nobel laureate Karl von Frisch was one of the first who translated the meaning of the waggle dance . On the right side is a video explaining the waggle dance in depth , as well as the experimentation that went into discovering the dance .
The Nintendo 64 version was retitled Duke Nukem 64 and features a split screen 4-player mode .
Olaf then turned north , and on October 12 made a second landfall near Manzanillo , Colima , as a tropical depression .
Blowfish is a fast block cipher , except when changing keys .
Shaw himself guest conducted from time to time , ending his self-imposed retirement .
Crucified Barbara is a Swedish all-female metal band , formed in Stockholm in 1998 .
Troy James Smith ( born July 20 , 1984 ) is a quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League .
Groundwater 's short stories have won several contests .
Roe from the hilsa fish is considered a delicacy in West Bengal , Assam , Orissa and Bangladesh .
The social sciences are the fields of academic scholarship that explore aspects of human society .
This keeps Russia which is north and west of the Bering Sea and the United States ' Alaska which is east and south of the Bering Sea , on opposite sides of the line in agreement with the date in the rest of those countries .
According to Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart , A major is a key suitable for '' declarations of innocent love , ... hope of seeing one 's beloved again when parting ; youthful cheerfulness and trust in God . ''
Access to the city of Giza , which has its own governorate adjacent to the governorate of Cairo , is dependent on the Cairo International Airport .
Edgar Holland Winter ( born December 28 , 1946 , in Beaumont , Texas ) is an American musician .
Cheers is an American situation comedy television series that ran for eleven seasons from 1982 to 1993 .
Richard Dominguez - biography Biography Early life and career Richard Dominguez was born Eufrancio Ricardo Dominguez to Ricardo and Juanita Dominguez in Dallas , Texas on September 22 , 1960 .
Melody Maker .
Chinese Rock had its origins in Northwest Wind ( , xibeifeng ) style of music , which emerged as a main genre in Mainland ChinaGarofalo , Reebee .
Some people have a serious latex allergy , and exposure to latex products such as latex gloves can cause anaphylactic shock .
He was involved in many battles during his reign against opponents such as the Parthian and Seleucid empires , and the Roman Republic .
Termites mostly feed on dead plant material , generally in the form of wood , leaf litter , soil , or animal dung , and about 10 % of the estimated 4,000 species ( about 2,600 taxonomically known ) are economically significant as pests that can cause serious structural damage to buildings , crops or plantation forests .
The Hundred Days , , sometimes known as the Hundred Days of Napoleon or Napoleon 's Hundred Days for specificity , marked the period between Emperor Napoleon I of France 's return from exile on Elba to Paris on 20 March 1815 and the second restoration of King Louis XVIII on 8 July 1815 ( a period of 111 days ) .
Norbert Brainin , ( March 12 , 1923 - April 10 , 2005 ) , was the first violinist of the Amadeus Quartet , one of the world 's most highly regarded string quartets .
The Sunshine Coast ( population 312,908 with up to an additional 50,000 in visitors and seasonal workers ) is a coastal region located in South East Queensland , north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane .
Many ostracods , especially the Podocopida , are also found in fresh water and terrestrial species of Mesocypris are known from humid forest soils of South Africa , Australia , New Zealand and Tasmania .
He took office following the resignation of Dr Geoff Gallop .
Mike Stroud and Evan Mast first met as students at Skidmore College , but they did not work together until 2001 , when they recorded several songs under the name '' Cherry '' .
Kentaro Sawada ( born May 15 , 1970 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Les Loges is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Also , Walt Disney Pictures hired her to sing the theme song and be the voice of the heroine Fa Mulan in the Mandarin version of Mulan .
The Chicago Fire Soccer Club is an American professional soccer club based in the Chicago suburb of Bridgeview , Illinois that participates in Major League Soccer .
In 1978 he moved to California Institute of Technology where he is presently Victor and Elizabeth Atkins Professor of Chemistry .
After 27 years of performing , Al Jourgensen decided to retire the band as of 2008 .
Sedgwick is a town in Lawrence County , Arkansas , United States .
Name Steeles is named after J. C. Steele , who owned a tavern on the street where it intersects with Yonge Street .
Franz Schubert 's Ellens dritter Gesang ( D839 , Op 52 no 6 , 1825 ) is often performed with the Ave Maria prayer sung in place of the original text ; this is misidentified as '' Schubert 's Ave Maria '' .
He managed to obtain a scholarship in order to pursue his studies at the Freiburg College of Music where he studied French horn and voice .
This is perhaps the most common type , usually consisting of soprano , alto , tenor and bass voices , often abbreviated as SATB .
Haines and Shaw completed the album in April and by this time had found a new label for their release -- Restless Records -- the L.A. indie record company that promoted such acts as They Might Be Giants , Agent Orange , and The Dead Milkmen .
Sophia Croft -- Sister of Captain Wentworth and wife of Admiral Croft .
Modern geisha still live in traditional geisha houses called okiya in areas called hanamachi ( '' flower towns '' ) , particularly during their apprenticeship .
On August 7 , 1942 , Allied forces , predominantly American , initiated landings on the islands of Guadalcanal , Tulagi , and Florida ( Nggela Sule ) in the southern Solomon Islands with the objective of denying their use by the Japanese as bases to threaten supply routes between the U.S. , Australia , and New Zealand .
