The Prime Minister of Pakistan ( Wazir-e - Azam meaning '' Grand Minister '' ) , is the Head of Government of Pakistan .
The range extends approximately 40 mi ( 64 km ) east-west from the Hollywood Hills in Los Angeles to Point Mugu in Ventura County .
If co-op mode is enabled , Knight accompanies Bishop on missions , whose appearance also varies depending on how the player desires him\/her to look .
In the year 1912 a stationary circus building opened , which was designed by Max Littmann for Sarrasani .
Rogers State University & ndash ; Claremore , Oklahoma
The painting preceded his similar An Experiment on a Bird in the Air Pump ( National Gallery , London ) .
Furthermore , it is erroneous to use the term extremophile to encompass all archaeans , as some are mesophilic .
Achtung Baby is the seventh studio album by Irish rock band U2 , released on 19 November 1991 .
Black Flag was an American punk rock band formed in 1976 in Hermosa Beach , California .
The channel has had critical and popular successes , winning more awards in its six year history than its commercial rivals ( Sky One , Living , E4 , ITV2 , Five and Comedy Central ) have won in their combined 25-year history .
A further 9.9 k was added to the Yonge-University Line in 1978 when it was extended from St. George and Bloor , running north and northwest to Eglinton Avenue and William R. Allen Road , then north along the median of the Allen Road to Wilson Avenue .
The metropolitan counties are a type of county-level administrative division of England .
The 2016 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad , are a major international multi-sport event to be celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games , as governed by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
In addition to cloth , aprons can be made from a variety of materials .
On September 22 , 1924 , Willie Hoppe , the world 's balkline champion ( who later took up three-cushion with a passion ) , and Ralph Greenleaf , the world 's straight pool title holder , played a well advertised , multi-day , to 600 .
In this book she introduced the now-universal practice of listing the ingredients and suggested cooking times with each recipe .
The Cincinnati Base Ball Club formed in 1866 and fielded competitive teams in the National Association of Base Ball Players ( NABBP ) 1867 1870 , a time of a transition that ambitious Cincinnati , Ohio businessmen and English-born ballplayer Harry Wright shaped as much as anyone .
Spring Valley lies in the valley of Spring Creek .
Victoria is the most densely populated state , and has a highly centralised population , with almost 75 % of Victorians living in Melbourne , the state capital and largest city .
The Metropolitan Opera Association of New York City , founded April 28 , 1880 , is a major presenter of all types of opera including Grand Opera .
James Francis Cameron ( born August 16 , 1954 ) is a [ [ Canada | Canadian ] film director , producer and screenwriter .
Like many incorporated towns in Virginia , the town of Warrenton has government and taxation separate from the county .
Monty Python ( sometimes known as The Pythons ) was a British surreal comedy group that created the influential Monty Python 's Flying Circus , a British television comedy sketch show that first aired on the BBC on 5 October 1969 .
Philip Carteret , Seigneur of Trinity ( January 22 , 1733 , Trinity Manor , Jersey -- July 21 , 1796 , Southampton ) was a British naval officer and explorer who participated in the Royal Navy 's circumnavigation expedition of 1766 .
St. Johns County is a county located in northeastern Florida .
Also close to the square is the small church of St. Sixtus .
Omid Djalili ( ; ; born 30 September 1965 ) is a British stand-up comedian and actor .
George Ledyard Stebbins , Jr. ( January 6 , 1906 -- January 19 , 2000 ) was an American botanist and geneticist who is widely regarded as one of the leading evolutionary biologists of the 20th century .
Colfax , California boasts a bronze statue of Colfax , it stands next to the tracks at the AMTRAK station .
Zermatt is famed as a mountaineering and ski resort of the Swiss Alps .
Early life Henry was born between May 1068 and May 1069 , probably in Selby in Yorkshire .
Washington , D.C. , hosts 174 foreign embassies as well as the headquarters of the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , the Inter-American Development Bank , and the Pan American Health Organization ( PAHO ) .
The data to be encoded is often called the '' message '' , and the hash value is sometimes called the message digest or simply digest .
Liu 's father went to see his wife and saw a dragon beside her .
Among many meteorologists , a funnel cloud is strictly defined as a rotating cloud which is not associated with strong winds at the surface , and a '' condensation funnel '' is a broad term for any rotating cloud below a cumuliform cloud .
Many characters from Codename : Sailor V return in Sailor Moon , including Sailor V herself ( under the name '' Sailor Venus '' ) .
After a 14-year period of interregnum , Peter of Saint Superan is declared as ruler of the Principality of Achaea ( now southern Greece ) .
In 2005 , American Express released the American Express Travelers Cheque Card , a stored-value card that serves the same purposes as a traveler 's cheque , but can be used in stores like a credit card .
He was the leading figure of the late Burgundian school after the death of Guillaume Dufay .
Rolling Stone link
Despite their obvious differences in temperament and aesthetic preference , they eventually became close friends .
Despite being called an arena , it is technically an outdoor stadium .
By 1983 , another nadir for Labour fortunes , only eight Labour Co-operative MPs were elected .
As an understudy to Fred Rogers , he traveled to Canada in 1963 to work for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on an early version of Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood .
The name '' Hemiptera '' is from the Greek hemi ( '' half '' ) and pteron ( '' wing '' ) , referring to the forewings of many hemipterans which are hardened near the base , but membranous at the ends .
Karen Anne Carpenter ( March 2 , 1950 -- February 4 , 1983 ) was an American singer and drummer .
He is never acknowledged for it unless it goes wrong .
At a news conference for the press just hours before the live broadcast of the 2005 MTV Europe Music Awards , he shocked local and international journalists in Lisbon , Portugal , by bringing a bag of birds from Romania ( the first European country to detect avian influenza ) as a gift , then proceeded to say he was sorry that they had all died .
Since then he has been performed by Steve Whitmire .
Johnson has been the Member of Parliament for Hull West and Hessle since 1997 .
The Big Mac index was introduced in The Economist in September 1986 by Pam Woodall as a semi-humorous illustration and has been published by that paper annually since then .
Media studies draw on traditions from both the social sciences and the humanities , and overlap in interests with related disciplines like mass communication , communication , communication sciences and communication studies .
Asian Dust ( also yellow dust , yellow sand , yellow wind or China dust storms ) is a seasonal meteorological phenomenon which affects much of East Asia sporadically during the springtime months .
On Monroe 's death , August 5 , 1962 , one of the responding officers who knew Jim Dougherty phoned him at 4:00 a.m. with the news .
Previously the county town of Berkshire , Abingdon is one of several places which claim to be Britain 's oldest continuously occupied town .
At the 2000 census the population was 12,938 .
Lauren Weisberger , a former Wintour assistant who left Vogue for Departures along with Richard Story , wrote The Devil Wears Prada after a writing workshop he suggested she take .
Many of the components are designed to mirror those available in Microsoft Office .
Thus , they are more commonly used than natural skin heads .
The most common oxidation state of cadmium is +2 , though rare examples of +1 can be found .
Apart from the obligation to treat the flag with due respect , Polish law does not offer a detailed code of correct usage of the Polish flag .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency , or FEMA , is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security , initially created by Presidential Order on April 1 , 1979 .
This family also includes swans , most of which are larger than true geese , and ducks , which are smaller .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers not wishing to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
Gay pride celebrations take place in many countries in honour of the Stonewall riots .
Unlike Disney 's two Peter Pan films featuring the character , which were produced primarily using traditional animation , Tinker Bell was produced using digital 3D modeling .
Instead those locals who were unwilling to become Belgians and who wanted the region to remain a part of Germany were required to register themselves along with their full name and address .
Florida Championship Wrestling ( FCW ) is a professional wrestling promotion based on the former independent Championship Wrestling from Florida promotion , which operated from 1961 until 1987 .
According to Manetho , Menes reigned for 62 years and was killed by a hippopotamus .
For the past three seasons they have failed to gain promotion back to the top tier as they finished 7th in 2005 06 , 3rd in 2006 07 and 2nd in 2007 08 .
Some straits have the potential to generate significant tidal power using tidal stream turbines .
Mosogno is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Born in Carrara , Italy , he fought in the assault troops during World War I. Later he emigrated to France , from where he returned to attempt the assassination of Benito Mussolini , Italy 's Fascist Duce .
On August 9 , 2008 , Metallica debuted the first album track , '' Cyanide '' , at Ozzfest , in Dallas , Texas and was performed again on August 20 , 2008 in Dublin , Ireland.LiveMetallica.com Download Metallica August 20 , 2008 , Marlay Park , Dublin , IRL MP3 FLAC On August 22 , 2008 at the Leeds Festival , they debuted the first single , '' The Day That Never Comes .
A Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre ( also Regional Specialized Meteorological Center and Regional Specialised Meteorological Centre ) is responsible for the distribution of information , advisories , and warnings regarding the specific program they have a part of , agreed by consensus at the World Meteorological Organization as part of the World Weather Watch .
is the branch of invertebrate zoology which deals with the study of the Mollusca ( mollusks or molluscs ) , the second-largest phylum of animals in terms of described speciesHome - Division of Malacology - FLMNH after the arthropods .
Yet Tagore wrote songs lionizing the Indian independence movement and renounced his knighthood in protest against the 1919 Jallianwala Bagh Massacre .
In 2004 , while filming The Grudge in Japan , Gellar visited the famous Japanese swordsmith Shoji Yoshihara ( Kuniie III ) and bought a Katana from him as a birthday present for her husband .
The brand is sold in almost 80 countries around the world , distributed through 15 boutiques that sell no other brand , and over 500 points of sale .
Axel Rodrigues de Arruda , commonly known simply as Axel ( born January 9 , 1970 in Santos , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football player .
Party may also refer to :
More on present-day Tilburg and the corporate line followed by the Tilburg city council is to be found in the article on Tilburg , on the Tilburg City site .
Urdu is grammatically an Indic language , written in the Perso-Arabic script , and contains literary conventions and specialised vocabulary largely from Persian .
There are about 4,500 species of cockroach , of which 30 species are associated with human habitations and about four species are well known as pests .
After retiring from the music industry in 1993 , Astley made a comeback in 2007 when he became an Internet phenomenon , as his video for '' Never Gon/Ona Give You Up '' became part of a popular Internet meme known as '' Rickrolling '' .
Feuges is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Development Epiphany was developed from Galeon by Marco Pesenti Gritti ( also the initiator of Galeon ) with the aim of making a web browser that would be fully compliant with the GNOME human interface guidelines and that would have a very simple user experience .
It featured a medley of other Boyce and Hart songs , as well as the songs they had produced for the Monkees .
Strathaven had , at various times , three railway stations .
In 1993 , actor Denis Leary enjoyed some success with a comedic song called '' Asshole '' , which opened his stage play No Cure for Cancer and was featured in a music video .
English also contains a number of words beginning with a W that is silent in most dialects before a ( pronounced ) R , remaining from usage in Anglo-Saxon in which the W was pronounced : wreak , wrap , wreck , wrench , wroth , wrinkle , etc. .
Audio players Many companies make small solid-state digital audio players , essentially producing flash drives with sound output and a simple user interface .
Bureaucracy is a concept in sociology and political science referring to the way that the administrative execution and enforcement of legal rules are socially organized .
Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich ( , ; born on 24 October 1966 in Saratov , Russian SFSR , USSR ) is a Russian billionaire and the main owner of the private investment company Millhouse LLC .
It is the main town of the Marburg-Biedenkopf district .
Cranston remains a mentor to Sawyer .
The rebec also continued to be used in folk music , especially in eastern Europe and Spain . Andalusi nubah , a genre of music from North Africa , often includes the rebec .
Maria Yuryevna Sharapova ( , Mariya Yur ' evna Shara ` pova [ pronounced Sha-RA-po-va ] ; born April 19 , 1987 ) is a former World No. 1 Russian professional tennis player and three time Grand Slam singles champion .
Aarschot is a city and municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
Seed dispersal is essential in allowing forest migration .
She has written more than 30 books for all ages , and has won many awards , including the Children 's Book Council Of Australia Book of the Year Award three times , the Victorian Premier 's Literary Award , the Aurealis Award for Science Fiction , the IBBY Australia Ena Noel Encouragement Award , and the Davitt Award for Crime Fiction .
Finally , Hitler used the purge to attack or eliminate critics of his regime , especially those loyal to Vice-Chancellor Franz von Papen , and to settle scores with old enemies .
They embraced evolutionary concepts , asserted the '' inherent goodness of man '' and abandoned the doctrine of biblical infallibility .
Bradford Phillip Delson ( born December 1 , 1977 ) is an American musician , lead guitarist , and one of the founding members of the alternative rock band Linkin Park .
Kurt Browning , CM ( born June 18 , 1966 ) is a Canadian figure skater and choreographer .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters - Dr. Weird , Steve
He went undefeated while scoring 6.5 \/O/ 10 - seven draws and three victories , two against Vassily Ivanchuk and the other against Magnus Carlsen in the final round .
Anal sex positions Anal sex positions involve anal penetration .
Basil Hallward -- an artist who becomes infatuated with Dorian 's beauty .
From 1885 to 1887 he was Kapellmeister in Danzig , then until 1889 in Hamburg , and until 1891 in Mannheim .
The Hives are a Swedish rock band that first garnered attention in the early 2000s as a prominent group of the garage rock revival , playing garage punk .
It was based in the city of Kerma in Upper Nubia and emerged as a major centre during the Middle Kingdom period of Egypt .
The Battle of Geonosis marks the end of Attack of the Clones and the beginning of the Clone War .
In cryptography , Triple DES ( 3DES ) is the common name for the Triple Data Encryption Algorithm ( TDEA or Triple DEA ) block cipher , which applies the Data Encryption Standard ( DES ) cipher algorithm three times to each data block .
The film features Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , an eight-year-old boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
When Growing Pains ended in 1992 , Cameron went on to star in The WB sitcom Kirk which premiered in 1995 and ended two years later .
Two wild card qualifiers from each conference ( those non-division champions with the conference 's best record , i.e. the best won-lost-tied percentages , with a series of tie-breaking rules in place in the event that there are teams with the same number of wins and losses ) , which are seeded five and six .
Getting Things Done ( GTD ) is an organizational method created by David Allen , described in a book of the same name .
The tail is medium length with a length of approximately 25 cm and is a black tuft at the end , similar to a lion 's tail .
Their first choice for a name was Carnival Records , under which they released two singles before discovering another label had taken the Carnival name first .
It was farmed and eaten by the ancient Romans ( usually as a snack ) , hence the word edible in its name .
Geddy Lee OC ( born Gary Lee Weinrib ; July 29 , 1953 ) is a Canadian musician best known as the lead vocalist , bassist , and keyboardist for the Canadian rock group Rush .
Jean-Jacques de Morgan ( 1857 , Huisseau-sur-Cosson , Loir-et-Cher - 1924 ) The Experience of Ancient Egypt - Page 137 by Ann Rosalie David was a French mining engineer Satellite Images and Near Eastern Landscapes , by Nicholas Kouchoukos p. 80 , geologist , and archaeologist .
Countries that are home to a significant number of speakers of Uralic languages include Estonia , Finland , Hungary , Romania , Russia , Serbia , and Slovakia . The name '' Uralic '' refers to the suggested Urheimat ( original homeland ) of the Uralic family , which was often located in the vicinity of the Ural Mountains , as the modern languages are spoken on both sides of this mountain range .
The spark associated with static electricity is caused by electrostatic discharge , or simply static discharge , as excess charge is neutralized by a flow of charges from or to the surroundings .
A deposit account is a current account , savings account , or other type of bank account , at a banking institution that allows money to be deposited and withdrawn by the account holder .
Micheal Japero was the builder of Fatima Park .
The Coppa Acerbo was an automobile race held in Italy , named after Tito Acerbo , the brother of Giacomo Acerbo , a prominent fascist politician .
ISBN 0548323305 ( William Frederick Louis , ) ( March 22 1797 -- March 9 1888 ) of the House of Hohenzollern was the King of Prussia ( January 2 1861 -- March 9 1888 ) and the first German Emperor ( 18 January 1871 -- March 9 1888 ) .
Michael Te-Pei Chang ( ; born February 22 , 1972 , in Hoboken , New Jersey ) is a former American professional tennis player .
The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords Adventures , released as in Japan , is a video game in Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda series .
Because testicular cancer is curable ( stage I can have a success rate of > 90 % ) when detected early , experts recommend regular monthly testicular self-examination after a hot shower or bath , when the scrotum is looser .
'' '' redirects here .
It is situated close to the border with England , where the River Monnow meets the River Wye with bridges over both .
The Houbara Bustard is found in the Canary Islands , North Africa , Iran and Pakistan .
Sound not only became fainter , but it was also distorted , so that pitches on the low and high ends of his hearing sounded like other pitches .
Below are specific examples :
The district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts Eisenberg , Jena and Stadtroda .
Melina was scripted to lose to Candice in various tag team matches , as well as in non-title bouts over the next few weeks .
To reach users as they log on or a status change occurs ( such as moving from '' Away '' to '' Available '' ) , Pidgin supports on-action automated scripts called Buddy Pounces to automatically reach the user in customizable ways .
When the Caliphate was seized by the Abbasids , Al-Andalus ( the Arab name for Hispania ) split from the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad to form their own caliphate .
These processes I will call kin selection and group selection respectively . Kin selection has been discussed by Haldane and by Hamilton .
Before Giovanni can complete his seduction of the maid , Masetto and his friends arrive , searching for Giovanni and intending to kill him .
In medieval universities , the trivium comprised the three subjects taught first : grammar , logic , and rhetoric .
Malcolm Bruce
Define : falafelThe American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language , 4th ed .
August 22 & ndash ; Benjamin Lundy , American abolitionist ( b. 1789 )
Propaganda can take the form of leaflets , posters , TV and radio broadcasts and can also extend to any other medium .
He is a frequent collaborator with long-time friend Tim Burton and has scored most of his films ( the exceptions being Ed Wood and ' ) .
After the war , it was reused as a state prison , with Louis XIII the first king to send prisoners there .
Daray ( Dariusz Brzozowski )
farm
The total area is 33.71 km which gives a population density of 182 inhabitants per km .
This event helped to raise money for sporting equipment , computers , books and excursions for students at the Nundle Public School .
Santa Cruz de Barahona is the main city of the Barahona Province , in the south of the Dominican Republic .
The two countries have fought several declared wars over the territory .
Lightcurve data for Europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so that for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute ( ranging from 5 and a half hours to 11 hours ) , despite numerous observations .
Its forty founder members , all admitted on 10 December 1768 , included a father\/daughter combination ( George Michael Moser and Mary Moser ) and two sets of brothers ( George Dance the Younger and Nathaniel Dance-Holland , and Paul and Thomas Sandby ) .
Bilbao is a Spanish municipality , capital of the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of the Basque Country .
Prior to 1900 , library facilities at Hiram College consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : Delphic , Hesperian , and Olive Branch .
Before the second browser wars in 2008-2009 , the JavaScript engine ( also known as JavaScript interpreter or JavaScript implementation ) was known simply as an interpreter that read and executed JavaScript source code .
Mount Vesuvius is a stratovolcano on the Bay of Naples , Italy , about 9 k east of Naples and a short distance from the shore .
Evidence to support the hypothesis is scant , but it finds support in recent study of Martian meteorites found in Antarctica and in studies of extremophile microbes .
Ice dancing is again for couples consisting of a woman and a man skating together .
Eve makes a cameo appearance in the music video .
He apologizes to her , and the family happily enjoys a meal of leftovers .
DAAS Icon , a 1990 comedy album by Doug Anthony All Stars
This makes it possible for the bees to convey always up-to-date directional information during their waggle dance , without having to make a comparison with the sun during long dance phases .
Former Scottish football player and Arsenal manager , George Graham was born in Bargeddie .
Saint-Ciers-sur-Gironde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
As of the 2000 census , the city of Gulfport had a total population of 71,127 , but the population had decreased to 70,055 by the 2008 Census Estimate .
Desdemona belongs to Portia Group of satellites , which also includes Bianca , Cressida , Juliet , Portia , Rosalind , Cupid , Belinda and Perdita .
There was music , a big parade , thousands who came to pay their last respects including a large number of Marine Officers , also high ranking government officials , among them representatives of the Ministry of the Navy .
Later on in the Kamakura period , Kamakura Shogunate forces emperors Gotoba and Emperor Godaigo to exile to Oki .
The islets of the atoll are all connected , except Sand Island and the two Home Islets in the west and Barren Island in the east .
Throughout his career , Shaw would take sabbaticals , quitting the music business .
Beginning in the 1920s , the meaning of the term beige expanded to the point where it is now also used not only for pale yellow colors , but also for a wide range of pale brown shades , some of more notable of which are shown below .
On 18 May 1514 , Francis married his second cousin Claude , Princess of France , who was the daughter of Louis XII , King of France and Anne , Duchess of Brittany .
Starting in March 2010 , the Pure Pwnage website began letting fans send Jeremy questions via e-mail .
A gas chamber is an apparatus for killing humans or animals with gas , consisting of a sealed chamber into which a poisonous or asphyxiant gas is introduced . The most commonly used poisonous agent is hydrogen cyanide ; carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide have also been used .
After Nationals , Meissner went to the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships , a competition for senior-level skaters who are not from Europe , for the first time in her career .
Shinji Jojo is a Japanese former football player .
The bones of this row - scaphoid , lunate , and triquetrum - has their individual movements .
Jhangi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
A second account used in violation of this policy is known as a sock puppet .
The dental pulp is the part in the center of a tooth made up of living soft tissue and cells called odontoblasts .
NHRA exhibitions were run in 1989 , and in 1993 Shirley Muldowney ran a 5.30 on the quarter-mile strip at Fuji .
Nevertheless , there are many examples of self-assembly based on molecular recognition in biology , most notably Watson Crick basepairing and enzyme-substrate interactions .
The Persians overran Boeotia and then captured the evacuated Athens .
For a time , Armenia was one of the most powerful states in the Roman East .
The unicameral parliament of Scotland is first found on record during the early thirteenth century , with the first meeting for which a primary source survives ( referred to , like the contemporaneous Parliament of England , as a colloquium in the surviving Latin records ) at Kirkliston ( a small town now on the outskirts of Edinburgh ) in 1235 , during the reign of Alexander II of Scotland .
Speyer ( formerly known as Spires in English ) is a city of Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany with approximately 50,000 inhabitants .
The film is a parallel to the 1994 film The Lion King , and focuses on the meerkat\/warthog duo Timon and Pumbaa before and during the events of the original film .
Although there are many types of soy sauce , all are salty and '' earthy '' - tasting brownish liquids used to season food while cooking or at the table .
Chamberlain was one of the leading candidates to succeed as Conservative leader - even though he was still technically only a member of the Liberal Unionist wing of the coalition ( the two parties merged formally in 1912 ) .
The archipelago , consisting of East Falkland , West Falkland and 776 lesser islands , is a self-governing British Overseas Territory . The capital , Stanley , is on East Falkland .
He spent seven years as a midshipman , turned to music as an adult , and became one of the most prominent French composers of the interwar period .
His father died that same year .
The term peafowl can refer to the two species of bird in the genus Pavo of the pheasant family , Phasianidae .
The charges were dropped on 22 January 2006 .
The river and valley are located in Hingol National Park .
It was built by Tarmac Construction and opened by the Prime Minister Harold Macmillan on 5 December 1958 .
Dromore West is a village in County Sligo , Ireland .
Many listeners were outraged by the song and its video , perceiving it as anti-Christian .
Amanda Joy Michalka , ( born April 10 , 1991 ) often credited as AJ , is an American actress , singer-songwriter , and instrumentalist .
The 1992 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 8 to 23 February 1992 in Albertville , France .
The band is influenced by New Wave and post-punk bands such as Devo , XTC , Wire , and the Post-hardcore Fugazi .
Argon is the third most common gas in the Earth 's atmosphere , at 0.93 % , making it more common than carbon dioxide .
The music video for '' If I Were a Boy '' was directed by Jake Nava and was shot in black and white in New York City along with the video for '' Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) '' .
One of Phaethon 's most remarkable distinctions is that it approaches the Sun closer than any other numbered asteroid : its perihelion is only 0.140 AU -- less than half Mercury 's perihelion distance .
The mines of the Enna and Caltanissetta district were a leading sulfur-producing area throughout the 19th century , but have declined since the 1950s .
When Bob Dylan , who idolized Guthrie and whose early folk career was deeply inspired by Guthrie , found out that Guthrie was hospitalized in Brooklyn , he was determined to meet his idol .
BBC News May 26 , 2001see also Che Guevara ( photo ) This graphic can be found on many items , including t-shirts , hats , posters , tattoos , and bikinisLacey 2007b .
A strain is a designated group of offspring that have descended from a modified plant , produced either by conventional breeding or by biotechnological means or result from genetic mutation .
It was filmed in 2002 and 13 episodes aired weekly in the United States on CBS from February 13 - May 11 , 2003 .
Then Also , things get weird when Maxwell starts dating a woman who 's exactly like Fran !
It follows the nauplius stage and precedes the post-larva .
Any individual organism which succeeds in reproducing itself is '' fit '' and will contribute to survival of its species , not just the '' physically fittest '' ones , though some of the population will be better adapted to the circumstances than others .
The Marsupial Lion ( Thylacoleo carnifex , the '' murderous ( or ` meat-cutting ' ) marsupial lion '' from thylakos - pouch , leo - lion , carnifex - murderer , tormentor , ` butcher ' ) is an extinct species of carnivorous marsupial mammal that lived in Australia from the early to the late Pleistocene ( 1,600,000 - 46,000 years ago ) .
Yusuke Minoguchi is a former Japanese football player .
In the charged state , each cell contains electrodes of elemental lead ( Pb ) and lead ( IV ) oxide ( ) in an electrolyte of approximately 33.5 % v\/v ( 4.2 Molar ) sulfuric acid ( ) .
Climate Prediction Center KNMI Climate Explorer The Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute 's Climate Explorer graphs climatological relationships of spatial and temporal data .
March 1 & ndash ; Sweden adopts the Gregorian calendar .
The MTR was immediately popular with residents of Hong Kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory .
Shipping line , a company engaged in sea transport
In the later Middle Ages serfdom began to disappear west of the Rhine even as it spread through eastern Europe .
Still known as Lefkosia , the city became the island 's capital around the 10th century .
No. 3 Fighter Sector ( 3FS ) was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) unit formed at Townsville Grammar School , Townsville , Australia on 25 February 1942 .
He has a right to dissolve the parliament in certain cases ( i.e. when it fails to form a Council of Ministers or to adopt the budget ) .
The Coscoroba Swan breeds in South America from southern Chile and central Argentina south to Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands .
He then attended the Methodist-affiliated Boston University , earning an A.B. in 1882 , and went on to graduate from Boston University School of Law in 1885 .
Outcomes Its School of Cognitive Science was the first interdisciplinary undergraduate program in cognitive science and has few peers .
Part of the uniqueness of Coleman 's early sound came from his use of a plastic saxophone .
Infrequent wind gusts can cause poorly designed suspension bridges to sway . When wind gusts are at a similar frequency to the swaying of the bridge , the bridge can be destroyed more easily , such as what occurred with the Tacoma Narrows Bridge in 1940 .
For each integer there is a code with parity bits and data bits .
He graduated from Adam Mickiewicz University in Pozna with master 's degrees in both law and history .
She learned to play piano from the age of four , went on to write her first piano ballad at 13 and began performing at open mike nights by age 14 .
Kei Uemura ( , born September 24 , 1981 in Kanagawa ) is a Japanese football player who plays for Shonan Bellmare .
-- 15 March 1917
'' Poker Face '' is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga from her debut album , The Fame .
In other countries , potassium iodate is used as source for iodine .
Accession His cognomen , '' The Peaceable '' , was not necessarily a comment on the deeds of his life , for he was a strong leader , shown by his seizure of the Northumbrian and Mercian kingdoms from his older brother , Eadwig , in 958 .
Undated The French Estates-General meets for the last time before the era of the French Revolution .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
Its current incarnation has been in production since 1992 at Ford 's St. Thomas Assembly plant .
Roads entering the City are narrowed and have small chicanes to force drivers to slow down and be recorded by CCTV cameras .
La Chapelle-Saint-Fray is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Jet aircraft generally fly much faster than propeller-powered aircraft and at higher altitudes - as high as 10000 - . At these altitudes , jet engines achieve maximum efficiency over long distances .
Margaret Spellings was the Secretary of Education under the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush and was previously Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy to President Bush .
Two residents were seriously injured , one by a falling chimney and a second by flying glass .
The first written usage of the word vodka in an official Russian document in its modern meaning is dated by the decree of Empress Elizabeth of June 8 , 1751 , which regulated the ownership of vodka distilleries .
Falafel balls may also be eaten alone as a snack or served as part of a mezze .
At 5 ft 4 in ( 1.62 m ) , Burnham was slight , but he was also muscular and bronzed , with a finely formed square jaw .
During the Migration Period Scarbantia was believed to be deserted and by the time Hungarians arrived in the area , it was in ruins .
Evans , p. 15 Due to the high water table in the new location , the cathedral was built on only four feet of foundations , and by 1258 the nave , transepts and choir were complete .
In geology , rock is a naturally occurring solid aggregate of minerals and/or mineraloids .
Arbore is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
By the age of twelve she had learned to knit as well as how to make ropes ( her father was also a ropemaker ) .
Other corps usually use the term regiment instead .
Avatar : The Last Airbender has been nominated for and won awards from the Annual Annie Awards , the Genesis Awards , the primetime Emmy awards and a Peabody Award among others .
This method results in a larger image file as it is n't able to compress , resize , or selectively restore files on the unrecognized filesystem .
In 1993 , 20th Century Fox released the first English-language version of My Neighbor Totoro , produced by John Daly and Derek Gibson ( the producers of The Terminator ) with co-producer Jerry Beck .
Initially many were sent to the American colonies as cheap labour , but the War of Independence brought that solution to an end .
It was the first major competition for the National Hockey League ( NHL ) since the collapse of the Western Hockey League in 1926 .
References External links Fenway Park info , including information on visiting Fenway Park facts , photos , statistics and trivia Boston Ballpark History .
Writing in Catholic newspapers and fighting in the streets for the rights and interests of the church and its followers were his first forays into public life .
Old Kingdom is the name given to the period in the 3rd millennium BCE when Egypt attained its first continuous peak of civilization in complexity and achievement - the first of three so-called '' Kingdom '' periods , which mark the high points of civilization in the lower Nile Valley ( the others being Middle Kingdom and the New Kingdom ) .
Pujols is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Craven Cottage is the name of a football stadium in the Hammersmith and Fulham area that has been the home ground of the association football team Fulham F.C. since 1896 .
It was selected over a more modern model so that the audience would immediately recognize it as the device that interfaced with the telephone .
He was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , along with Andrew Z. Fire , for the discovery of RNA interference .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
link
In Europe , the Mississippian and Pennsylvanian are one more-or-less continuous sequence of lowland continental deposits and are grouped together as the Carboniferous system , and sometimes called the Upper Carboniferous and Lower Carboniferous instead .
They carry a handbell to attract people 's attention , as they shout the words '' Oyez , Oyez , Oyez ! ''
The only Valencian pilota variety played outside the Valencian Community is the Llargues , which is very similar to other handball sports derived from the Jeu de paume .
Andover is a city in Clinton County , Iowa , United States .
Lichens occur in some of the most extreme environments on Earth -- arctic tundra , hot deserts , rocky coasts and toxic slag heaps .
Wind speed has always meant the movement of air in an outside environment , but the speed of air movement inside is important in many areas , including weather forecasting , aircraft and maritime operations , building and civil engineering .
Released on March 30 , 1987 through A&M Records , the album was a commercial success , albeit somewhat of a disappointment following the huge success of 1984 's '' Reckless '' . Into the Fire sold over 4 million units worldwide , peaking at number 7 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide .
Later his family relocated to Des Moines , Iowa .
Due to its title , Iron Maiden was called a '' Satanic band '' in the US .
The film was picturized in black and white prints in Karachi .
Ralph William Downes CBE ( 16 August 1904 24 December 1993 ) was an English organist , organ designer , teacher and music director , and was formerly Professor of Organ of the Royal College of Music .
Cheerios is a brand of breakfast cereal by General Mills introduced on May 1 , 1941 as the first oat-based , ready-to-eat cold cereal .
The female is slightly smaller than the male .
It is similar to but shorter than a katana , and usually shorter than the kodachi ( '' small sword '' ) .
Cauville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Two years earlier , at the inaugural 1974 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Havana , Cuba , he captured the gold medal .
Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center cites Atticus Finch as the reason he became a lawyer , and Richard Matsch , the federal judge who presided over the Timothy McVeigh trial , counts Atticus as a major judicial influence .
Founded in 1971 by Michael S. Hart , it is the oldest digital library .
This was the first general council in the history of the Church since the Apostolic Council of Jerusalem , the Apostolic council having established the conditions upon which Gentiles could join the Church .
It is used annually as a racetrack for the Australian Grand Prix and associated support races .
It began on 16 March and ended on 2 November with eighteen Grand Prix races .
Edgar deposes Donald III and Edmund to become king of Scotland .
Like standard rail tracks , tram tracks consist of two parallel steel rails .
Beatrice Portinari , Dante Alighieri 's beloved and guide through Heaven in The Divine Comedy ( d. 1290 )
The majority of the Yorkshire Dales and all of the North York Moors lie within North Yorkshire 's boundaries , and around 40 % of the county is covered by National Parks .
Construction began in 1961 under Sukarno and was not finished until 1975 under Suharto .
He is best known as the guitarist , pianist , and lead vocalist of The White Stripes .
All Scottish Fold cats share a common ancestry to Susie .
Initially part of the United States Army , the USAF was formed as a separate branch of the military on September 18 , 1947 under the National Security Act of 1947 .
Apart from the USGP , Karthikeyan 's highest finish was 11th place .
In late 1950 , the 7th Army had been reactivated in Stuttgart and U.S. Army units began to be stationed at Cooke Barracks .
Tonbridge Grammar School is a state-funded grammar school in Tonbridge , United Kingdom .
Calhoun County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama .
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States Federal Government complex located at 200 N.W. 5th Street in downtown Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States .
Warwickshire is perhaps best known for being the birthplace of William Shakespeare from Stratford-upon-Avon .
The Tibetan Snowcock ( Tetraogallus tibetanus ) is a bird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes , gallinaceous birds .
An atom 's electronegativity is affected by both its atomic number and the distance that its valence electrons reside from the charged nucleus .
University of Massachusetts Amherst
The British Board of Film Classification ( BBFC ) , originally British Board of Film Censors , is a non-governmental organization , funded by the film industry and responsible for the national classification of films within the United Kingdom .
After Jonathan and Wanda left , Jeff Probst began distributing buffs .
Maraye-en-Othe is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Grandfather tells imaginative tales in response to her questions .
Of these four planets , Earth also has the highest density , the highest surface gravity , the strongest magnetic field , and fastest rotation .
He was executed in 1979 after the Supreme Court of Pakistan sentenced him to death for authorizing the murder of a political opponent , in a move that many believe was done under the directives of General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq .
Heat periods occur about every two weeks and last about 4 to 7 days .
Landerrouat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Noted at first for its lo-fi aesthetic and typically Portastudio four-tracks-to-cassette production methods , Guided by Voices ' music revealed influences from post-British Invasion garage rock , psychedelic rock , progressive rock , punk rock and post-punk .
Algae lack the various structures that characterize land plants , such as phyllids ( leaves ) and rhizoids in nonvascular plants , or leaves , roots , and other organs that are found in tracheophytes ( vascular plants ) .
Kinorhynchans are segmented , limbless animals , with a body consisting of a head , neck , and a trunk of eleven segments .
West Ham United Football Club is an English football club based in Upton Park , London Borough of Newham , East London .
Use of the term ace in military aviation circles began in World War I ( 1914 -- 18 ) , when French newspapers described Adolphe Pegoud , as l'as ( French for '' the ace '' ) after he became the first pilot to down five German aircraft .
Thomas Weissbecker - February 1944 March 2 , 1972 Thomas ` Tommy ' Weissbecker was an associate of Horst Mahler and a minor member of the Baader-Meinhof gang .
Gable 's widow , Kay , commented to Louella Parsons that it had been the '' eternal waiting '' on the set of The Misfits that had contributed to his death , though she did not name Monroe .
As of the 2000 United States Census , the village population was 7,837 .
Mohammed Bin Hammam
The Soviets and Americans never went to combat , but there were important civil wars in Korea and Vietnam , and smaller civil wars elsewhere , along with large-scale preparations for war through an arms race , a Space Race , military coalitions , force deployments , economic aid to states deemed vulnerable , espionage , propaganda , and intellectual debates .
As a result , eight individuals were committed to Lancaster Assizes , three of whom - Jane Southworth , Jennet Bierley , and Ellen Bierley - were accused of practising witchcraft on Grace Sowerbutts , Jennet 's grand-daughter and Ellen 's niece .
A page-turner needs to be able to understand the musician 's signals and follow the music to know when to turn the page , and to do so quickly and unobtrusively .
September 25 & ndash ; Battle of Nicopolis : The Ottomans defeat a joint crusade by Hungary , France , the Holy Roman Empire , England and Wallacia , led by King Sigismund of Hungary .
The Kelvin scale and the kelvin are named after the Belfast-born physicist and engineer William Thomson , 1st Baron Kelvin ( 1824 -- 1907 ) , who wrote of the need for an '' absolute thermometric scale '' .
Lobon began his career with hometown club Corvinul Hunedoara .
Cleveleys ( with its neighbouring village of Thornton , collectively known as Thornton-Cleveleys ) is a town on the Fylde Coast of Lancashire , England , about 4 miles north of Blackpool and 2 miles south of Fleetwood .
Kupwara District is located in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Cats at AndrewLoydWebber.com
Events By place Rome Archelaus becomes ethnarch of Judea .
Galveston reported 7 +3 \/O/ 4 i of rain , Liberty reported 9 +1 \/O/ 2 i of rain , and Greens Bayou reported almost 10 i. Centerville reported over 8 i , with Normangee and Noxia reporting over 7 i. Maximum rainfall in the Houston area in Harris County was about 10 - , while 8 i of rain was reported in Leon County and 9 i in the Sabine River area .
is a series of science fiction novels first published in December 2004 , published by Newmarket Press written by Tedd Anasti , Patsy Cameron-Anasti and Stephen D. Sullivan ( books 2-3 ) .
D'Amato was born in Bronx , New York on January 17 , 1908 .
Hurricane Rita was the fourth-most intense Atlantic hurricane ever recorded and the most intense tropical cyclone ever observed in the Gulf of Mexico .
Chlorophyll from these herbs is extracted giving the drink its famous green color .
Washington Mutual , Inc. ( abbreviated to WaMu ) ( ) was a savings bank holding company and the former owner of Washington Mutual Bank , which was the United States ' largest savings and loan association until it became largest bank failure in U.S. history .
In his lifetime , Spurgeon preached to around 10,000,000 people , often up to 10 times a week at different places .
The challenge is however far from over .
Adasaurus is unique among dromaeosaurids in having much smaller sickle claws on its hind feet .
A mihrab ( ) is a niche in the wall of a mosque that indicates the qibla , that is , the direction of the Kaaba in Mecca and hence the direction that Muslims should face when praying .
The show , Dollhouse , was announced by Fox in November 2008 to begin airing on February 13 , 2009 .
Rauzan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
This is called the angle of friction or friction angle .
The New York Dragons currently compete in the Eastern Division of the National Conference .
Mulberry Middle and Mulberry High round out the educational system in Mulberry .
Bitcoin uses a distributed database spread across nodes of a peer-to-peer network to journal transactions , and uses cryptography in order to provide basic security functions , such as ensuring that bitcoins can only be spent by the person who owns them , and never more than once .
Network closure On January 24 , 2006 , CBS Corporation and Warner Bros. .
There has been a lot of negative reaction to the new livery , and many people have started campaigns on social networks such as Facebook and Twitter to keep the Tulip logo .
Also every year there is the traditional 24 Hours of Bahrain .
Shaikh Moosa is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of PakistanOfficial website of District Government Tando Allahyar .
In the same month , Michele and Jonathan Groff performed for True Colors Cabaret , a fundraiser in support of gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender equality .
With few exceptions , mosques in the Arabian peninsula as well as Morocco do not allow entry to non-Muslims .
Cores , allowing an insight into the evolution of the chert over time , were drilled in 1988 and 1997 , accompanied by further trenching efforts , which unearthed the Windyfield chert .
Located on South Promenade in the South Shore area of the town , the pier contains a number of amusement and adrenalin rides .
Due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood .
The Slavic Peoples are an ethnic and linguistic branch of Indo-European peoples , living mainly in central and eastern Europe .
The Cambridge Science Park was founded by Trinity College , Cambridge in the year 1970 .
These H5N1 infections may be quite common : in a survey of 10 apparently healthy pigs housed near poultry farms in West Java , where avian flu had broken out , five of the pig samples contained the H5N1 virus .
However , the club continued to lose momentum in the league eventually finishing in 16th position , just three points above the relegation zone .
The French government is opposed to full independence , but has at times shown support for some level of autonomy .
Note that the same drum loop was used on Maurice Joshua 's remix of George Michael 's Faith .
Panic at the Disco began to create their follow up to A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out after being on tour for roughly two years , with no new material to perform .
People 's Republic is a title that has often been used by Marxist-Leninist governments to describe their state .
By consulting the colophons in the Left Ginza , Jorunn J. Buckley has identified an uninterrupted chain of copyists to the late 2nd or early 3rd c. AD .
Losone is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Tower Bridge is a combined bascule and suspension bridge in London , England , over the River Thames .
Ashley Force Hood ( born November 29 , 1982 ) is a funny car drag racer for John Force Racing .
Oscar gradually becomes infatuated with the girl , and feels a part of the couple 's lives , even forsaking work to observe them .
Children in Need was registered as a charity in 1989 .
The burial of human remains .
Mainstream scholars of the Holocaust consider the idea that the Nazis manufactured soap on an industrial scale to be part of World War II folklore .
Max sets the stage for the story by reminiscing about his time in daycare , when he had met a boy named Kevin .
Their application can be from to over and from low pressure to very high pressure ( > 1200 psi or 8.3 MPa ) .
Dino Baggio ( born 24 July 1971 in Camposampiero ) was an Italian football defensive midfielder .
The library has a chess room that houses a wide range of materials dedicated to the history , study and practice of chess .
At the 64th Golden Globe Awards , Fey wore a blue puzzle piece pin to raise awareness for the organization .
It is in the southeast of the country , bordering Pakistan and Afghanistan and its capital is Zahedan .
Duffield is a town in Scott County , Virginia , United States .
Canon has regional headquarters in the Americas , Europe , Middle East , Africa , Japan , Asia and Oceania ( including Australia & New Zealand ) .
Waldpolenz Solar Park , which is the world 's largest thin-film photovoltaic ( PV ) power system , was built by German developer and operator Juwi at a former military air base to the east of Leipzig in Germany .
Best known as the bassist , keyboardist , and mandolin player for English rock band Led Zeppelin , Jones has since developed a successful solo career , and is widely respected as both a musician and a producer .
Such was the impact of the film that it was copied by film makers in Pakistan where several films were given names with the sufix '' Jat '' .
The Province of Isernia ( Italian : Provincia di Isernia ) is a province in the Molise region of Italy .
Nuclear-powered submarine mishaps include the K-19 reactor accident ( 1961 ) , the K-27 reactor accident ( 1968 ) , and the K-431 reactor accident ( 1985 ) .
Halloween -- Halloween is October 31st or 10-31 .
Tea scoops generally are carved from a single piece of bamboo , although they may also be made of ivory or wood .
The Laws of Jewish Modesty Some communities apply these standards to girls as young as three .
A loudspeaker ( or '' speaker '' ) is an electroacoustic transducer that converts an electrical signal into sound .
Turkey has a footballing tradition that features both highs and lows .
The visible strength of the Cheema family can be seen in the first 1947 constitution of Pakistan , where the Cheema tribe was listed in the second line as one of the 40 largest families coming into Pakistan .
Michael Sean Coulthard ( born December 8 , 1968 ) better known by his stage name Michael Cole , is best known for commentating on WWE Friday Night SmackDown for nine years , from its launch in 1999 until 2008 .
The single earned her a Grammy nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 2000 .
It is an alkaline earth metal and the eighth most abundant element in the Earth 's crust , where it constitutes about 2 % by mass , and ninth in the known Universe as a whole .
This is one of Frederick 's greatest defeats .
The earliest written record of Chinese past so far discovered dates from the Shang Dynasty in perhaps the 13th century BC and takes the form of inscriptions of divination records on the bones or shells of animals- the so-called oracle bones .
Deutsche Bahn AG ( DB AG , DBAG or DB ) is the German national railway company , a private joint stock company ( AG ) .
MEPIS ( ) is a set of Linux distributions , distributed as Live CDs that can be installed onto a hard disk drive .
One of the most famous events in English martial history occurred in 1588 when the Spanish Armada was repelled by the English navy commanded by Sir Francis Drake , but the war that followed was very costly for England and only ended after Elizabeth 's death .
His formative years coincided with the Japanese invasion of China , starting with the Manchurian incident in 1931 and culminating in the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937 .
Dr. Gregory House ( Hugh Laurie ) , the title character , heads the Department of Diagnostic Medicine .
Approaching its mouth , the Senegal passes through Biffeche and the island on which the city of Saint-Louis , Senegal is located , then turns south .
Lord Protector ( pl . Lords Protector ) is a title used in British constitutional law for certain heads of state at different periods of history .
Horn may refer to : Music Natural horn , the ancestor of the modern ( French ) horn Horn ( instrument ) , often called a '' French horn , '' ( in French ) a brass musical instrument constructed of coiled tubing Alto horn , a brass instrument primarily used in ensembles and brass bands .
His ascent to fame picked up when he became a writer for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , and later became a frequent guest on The Tonight Show .
The elections in 2004 brought the CDU twelve seats , the other four went to the free voters ' association FWG Aach e. V/ORGANIZATION. In the same elections Mayor Josef Krein ( CDU ) was voted into office with nearly 74 % of the votes .
No life had ever been at risk , and Oda apologized for this infraction .
The metacarpus is the intermediate part of the hand skeleton that is located between the phalanges ( bones of the fingers ) distally and the carpus which forms the connection to the forearm .
Burla is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Grzegorz Lato ( born April 8 , 1950 in Malbork , Poland ) is a former Polish football striker , the all-time cap leader for the Polish national team and the leading scorer at the 1974 World Cup .
The earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless , though the number could be as high as 11 million .
Royal Rumble ( 2009 ) was the twenty-second annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Michael Ballack ( born 26 September 1976 ) is a German football midfielder who plays for Chelsea of the English Premier League and is the captain of the German national team .
While remaining non-tropical with a cold core it moved gradually west to northwest .
This leads to a wave of uprisings in Holland and Zealand , leaving most of those provinces ( with the exception of Amsterdam ) , under rebel control .
Tombaugh 's task was to systematically image the night sky in pairs of photographs taken two weeks apart , then examine each pair and determine whether any objects had shifted position .
\* \*
Herculina is one of the twenty or so largest members of the main asteroid belt .
The two auto-fictional novels , The Miracle of the Rose ( Miracle de la rose 1946 ) and The Thief 's Journal ( Journal du voleur 1949 ) , describe Genet 's time in Mettray Penal Colony and his experiences as a vagabond and prostitute across Europe .
Emission nebulae often have dark areas in them which result from clouds of dust which block the light .
Beech ( Fagus ) is a genus of ten species of deciduous trees in the family Fagaceae , native to temperate Europe , Asia and North America .
Jeffrey Glassberg (/O2007/O) .
Nominal value during British rule , and the first decade of independence :
A descending string passage represents the subsequent retreat of the French forces , followed by victory bells and a triumphant repetition of God Preserve Thy People as Moscow burns to deny winter quarters to the French .
New features include SONAR , the Norton Identity Safe , and Browser Defender .
His small , drum-shaped Taschenuhr , a portable watch which he built during his asylum from 1504 to 1508 , could run for forty hours before it needed rewinding .
He left school at the age of 14 , sent out by his father to earn his living in a local gas store for 16s 10d ( 84p ) a week .
Of note , the Isthmus of Corinth connects the peninsula of Peloponnese with the rest of the Greek peninsula , the Isthmus of Panama connects the continents of North and South America ( the Americas ) , and the Isthmus of Suez in Egypt connects Africa and Asia ( or Eurasia ) .
Lead guitarist Pettersson left following the band 's next performance , and Lindgren switched to guitar .
At Tribal Council , Coby again openly spilled all strategies and problems of his tribe ; which prompted everyone to vote against him instead of major threat Stephenie .
With the Citrus Bowl 's locker rooms on the south side and the entrance set on the north side , a tented 40000 f mini-city outside the north end served as the show 's backstage area and included air conditioning , trailers , VIP areas , showers and restrooms .
Lily Koppel , New York Times , February 6 , 2008 In 1941 , he became a secretary to the Shankaracharya , Swami Brahmananda Saraswati , who gave him the name Bal Brahmachari Mahesh .
The National Parks Act of 1980 was established in order to codify the purpose , governance and selection of national parks .
Crans - Foulletourte is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Selim I , Sultan of the Ottoman Empire , conquers Egypt and declares himself Caliph .
The Bushwackers Band , often simply The Bushwackers , is an Australian folk and country music band or Bush band founded at La Trobe University in Melbourne in 1971 .
Males of the larger species often have brightly coloured plumage as well as facial ornamentations such as wattles or crests .
His novels also put forward a mystical philosophy that Rucker has summarized in an essay titled , with only a bit of irony , '' The Central Teachings of Mysticism '' ( included in Seek !
Types A number of different types of birthmarks are known that include , but are not limited to , stork bites , Mongolian blue spots , strawberry marks , caf au lait spots , congenital melanocytic nevi , and port-wine stains .
Geography The second largest in Cuba , Matanzas province is largely flat , with its highest point ( Pan de Matanzas ) at only 380m above sea level .
Since August 2007 , Bertsch has been a visiting lecturer at the Academy of Art and Design in Offenbach am Main and , together with Petra Kellner , set up the International Project Platform Offenbach , an interdisciplinary working platform for sustainable design .
A thermodynamic state is a set of values of properties of a thermodynamic system that must be specified to reproduce the system .
It is an owned and operated station of the Fox Broadcasting Company , a subsidiary of the News Corporation .
Types of GMR Multilayer GMR In multilayer GMR two or more ferromagnetic layers are separated by a very thin ( about 1 nm ) non-ferromagnetic spacer ( e.g. Fe/Cr/Fe ) .
Teacher Resource Kits have been developed for distribution to elementary schools in the regions toured and across Canada , and the public has been able to follow each tour through fully interactive websites archived on the NAC 's Performing Arts Website at www.artsalive.ca .
MythDora Specialized distribution for easy setup of the MythTV PVR software , similar to KnoppMyth , based on Fedora .
Noel meandered across the western Caribbean for the next three days ; the storm intensified into a hurricane on November 1 .
F g ra Mountains ( , ) , are the highest mountains of the Southern Carpathians , in Romania .
Saint-Maurice is a municipality and district capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
She has studied at Quinte Ballet School of Canada and also is a graduate from Centennial Secondary School in Belleville , Ontario , Canada .
The local leisure complexes include the Galleon Centre : with a 25 metre swimming pool , baby pool , ice rink , squash courts , sauna , gym , games hall , bar area , bowling green and the New Northwest Centre ( formerly the Hunter Centre ) which contains a community gym and various local medical facilities .
Short Term Forecast ( NOW ) - a localized , event-driven product used to provide the public with detailed weather information during significant and\/or fast-changing hydrometeorological conditions during the next six hours .
Metatherians were the only South American mammals to specialize as carnivores ; their relative inefficiency created openings for nonmammalian predators to play more prominent roles than usual ( similar to the situation in Australia ) .
The herons are wading birds in the Ardeidae family .
The Congress of Vienna was a conference of ambassadors of European states chaired by the Austrian statesman Klemens Wenzel von Metternich , and held in Vienna from November , 1814 to June , 1815 .
In the citation committee chairman and former Soviet premier Mikhail Gorbachev referred to Chopra as ` one of the most lucid and inspired philosophers of our time ' .
Following this encounter , Miles described Kasparov as a '' monster with a thousand eyes who sees all '' ( some sources alternatively quote Miles as having the opinion that Kasparov had 22 or 27 eyes ) .
He continued with a spare chassis and took third place in qualifying .
The British Expeditionary Force ( BEF ) and many French soldiers were however evacuated from Dunkirk in Operation Dynamo .
Its popularity for use with web applications is closely tied to the popularity of PHP ( the '' P '' in LAMP ) .
They measure up to ) , and have paddle-like flippers .
Playing their home games at Madison Square Garden , the Rangers are one of the oldest teams in the NHL , having joined in 1926 as an expansion franchise , and are part of the group of teams referred to as the Original Six .
are found in all oceans of the world .
The goddesses of Fortune and Virtue dispute which of them has most power over humankind .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O2/O) according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
In 1876 the archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann discovered in Mycenae six graves , which he was confident belonged to kings and ancient Greek heroes- Agamemnon , Cassandra , Evrimdon and their associates .
The chemical inertness of tantalum makes it a valuable substance for laboratory equipment and a substitute for platinum , but its main use today is in tantalum capacitors in electronic equipment .
For inspiration , Allen draws heavily on literature , sexuality , philosophy , psychology , Ancient Greece , Jewish identity , European cinema and New York City , where he was born and has lived his entire life .
Kate helped her mother bring up the family , which included three more children by Ellen 's second husband George King .
Very early in the evolutionary history of amniotes , basal amniotes evolved into two main lines of amniotes , the synapsids and the sauropsids , both of which persist into the modern era .
Arbroath Abbey is consecrated , and dedicated to St. Thomas Becket .
The Gran Cono was produced during the eruption of AD 79 .
Under the terms of the Israel -- Jordan peace treaty , Israel also supplies 50 million cubic metres of water annually from the lake to Jordan .
)
The Department of Defense is an evolution of the Department of War .
Protected grounds include race , nationality , religion , political opinions and membership and\/or participation in any particular social group or social activities .
The opposite of the mainstream are subcultures , countercultures , cult followings , and ( in fiction ) genre .
With hand tuned timpani , there is no time to retune the timpani to A flat and E flat for the slow second movement in A flat .
He then won the award again in 2010 for his album Relapse , giving him a total of 11 Grammys in his career .
It is the venue used for the Formula One Malaysian Grand Prix , A1 Grand Prix as well as the Malaysian Motorcycle Grand Prix .
Such turns in ramps and trails may be called switchbacks in American English , by analogy with switchback railways .
The three main services are the police , fire and rescue and ambulance .
On 19 July 1810 , while visiting her father in Strelitz , the Queen died in her husband 's arms from an unidentified illness .
Java bytecode instructions are analogous to machine code , but are intended to be interpreted by a virtual machine ( VM ) written specifically for the host hardware .
They begin at the southeastern tip of the Florida peninsula , about 15 m south of Miami , and extend in a gentle arc south-southwest and then westward to Key West , the westernmost of the inhabited islands , and on to the uninhabited Dry Tortugas .
For example , the world road race champion would wear the garment while competing in stage races ( except for time trial stages ) and one-day races , but would not be entitled to wear it during time trials .
Mohammed Zahir Shah ( 15 October 1914 & ndash ; 23 July 2007 ) was the last King ( Shah ) of Afghanistan , reigning for four decades , from 1933 until he was ousted by a coup in 1973 .
The Trust owns three industrial diesel locomotives , one of which - Heddon Hall - is often used in support of Axe , and for engineering trains .
She was buried in Forbes Cemetery , aged 36 .
The Talyllyn Railway is represented in the Thomas the Tank Engine books as the Skarloey Railway ; most of the fictional locomotives are based on real-life equivalents .
June 1 & ndash ; Alanis Morissette , Canadian singer
Prouges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The main campus of Makerere University , one of East and Central Africa 's premier institutes of higher learning , can be found in the Makerere Hill area of the City .
Extant is a term commonly used in biology to refer to taxa ( such as species , genera or families ) that are still in existence ( living ) .
It actually consists of two bridges , both built in the mid-19th century .
Partisan Review was an American political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003 , though it suspended publication between October 1936 and December 1937 .
University of Balochistan was established in 1971 at Quetta , Balochistan , Pakistan .
The National Assembly consists of 577 members known as dputs ( deputies ) , each elected by a single-member constituency through a two-rounds system .
The Government presently requires access to the Nicobars via a special permit ( Tribal Pass ) and , in general , non-Indian citizens are forbidden from visiting the Nicobar Islands except Campbell Bay .
The county is located in southeastern Norway , extending from Hardangervidda to the Skagerrak coast .
Enlightenment , also known simply as E , is a stacking window manager for the X Window System which can be used alone or in conjunction with a desktop environment such as GNOME or KDE .
The shooter will then normally try to pocket the unracked fifteenth ball , and at the same time have the cue ball into the fourteen racked balls , spreading them so that subsequent shots are available , and a run may continue .
Hispania recorded its first double finish at the with Chandhok finishing in front of Senna , albeit 3 and 4 laps down respectively .
At the Examiner , Bronstein specialized in investigative projects and was a foreign correspondent for eight years .
Digital Multimedia Broadcasting ( DMB ) is a digital radio transmission technology developed in South Korea as part of the national IT project for sending multimedia such as TV , radio and datacasting to mobile devices such as mobile phones .
If Alice and Bob wish to exchange encrypted messages , each must be equipped to decrypt received messages and to encrypt messages to be sent .
A Power Purchase Agreement ( PPA ) is a legal contract between an electricity generator ( provider ) and a power purchaser ( host ) .
( ; ; literally : '' Salt Fortress '' ) is the fourth-largest city in Austria and the capital of the federal state of Salzburg .
Overseas Ahmadiyya missionary activities started at an organised level as early as 1913 ( the UK mission in Putney , London ) .
After a TV drama producer heard her demo tape , her single , '' Yubikiri '' , was chosen as the insert song for the Fuji TV Monday drama Tokyo Wankei ~ Destiny of Love ~ .
This area , known as '' America 's First Region '' , also includes the independent cities of Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Norfolk , Portsmouth , and Suffolk , as well as other smaller cities , counties and towns of Hampton Roads .
The species ranges through most of Sub-Saharan Africa from the Western Cape , South Africa , to southern Morocco and southwestern Algeria and outside Africa through Arabia , Iran and western Asia to Turkmenistan and the Indian Peninsula .
In 1962 , the installation of a fax machine and an electronic computer in the Met Office led to more accurate and quicker forecasting .
He was one of the first to refer to an '' Iron Curtain '' coming down across Europe , in a broadcast to the German people on 2 May 1945 , a phrase which he had picked up from an article by Joseph Goebbels , ` Das Jahr 2000 , ' Das Reich , 25 February 1945 , pp .
It became a Free state in the era of Weimar Republic in 1918 after the end of World War I and the abdication of King Frederick Augustus III of Saxony .
The Qaum Tar na ( Urdu : ) is the National Anthem of Pakistan .
In 2004 , drummer Brandon Barnes stated : '' I think we have a lot of different influences from hardcore like old Cave In , to a lot of punk like Face to Face , Screeching Weasel , and Down By Law . ''
Ensuring that each household has working smoke alarms , is educated in the proper techniques of fire safety , has an evacuation route and rendezvous point is of top priority in public education for most fire prevention teams in almost all fire department localities .
Jaunjelgava is a town in Latvia .
Having died at age 115 years 252 days , he is the oldest undisputed man ever .
History Theatre Traditional western theatre , beginning with the ancient Greeks , was divided into comedy and tragedy .
In 1763 , having completed secondary school , he went to Denmark for further studies ( Norway having no university at the time ) .
Despite the Great Depression , some of the world 's tallest skyscrapers were completed in Manhattan during the 1930s , including numerous Art Deco masterpieces that are still part of the city 's skyline today , most notably the Empire State Building , the Chrysler Building , and the GE Building .
Neuvillette is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 2005 , production was about 20 % of the global total , second only to France , which produced 26 % .
It was at this epoch that the '' true '' mammals evolved .
To perform a silent barter , one group of traders would go to a specific location , leave their trading goods and then withdraw to a distance .
The Reebok Stadium is the home stadium of English Premier League football club Bolton Wanderers , and is located on the Middlebrook Retail Park in Horwich , in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton , Greater Manchester .
For example , a resistor converts electrical energy to heat , and a capacitor stores it in its electric field .
Among the most common investment strategies in private equity are : leveraged buyouts , venture capital , growth capital , distressed investments and mezzanine capital .
Luo et al . ( 2003 ) inferred from the foot structure of Sinodelphys that it was a scansorial tree-dweller , like its non-marsupial contemporary Eomaia and modern opossums such as Didelphis .
These reach adulthood from early June to early July .
A new tube railway running from Victoria to Walthamstow was first proposed by a Working Party set up by the British Transport Commission in 1948 .
Open standards are critical to the growth of cloud computing , and open source software has provided the foundation for many cloud computing implementations .
Retrieved on : 2009-11-07 Paul Hawken has written that '' Sustainability is about stabilizing the currently disruptive relationship between earth 's two most complex systems -- human culture and the living world . ''
Croisilles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Lancaster is a city in Garrard County , Kentucky , in the United States .
Since Hugo 's father , Joseph , was an officer , they moved frequently and Hugo learned much from these travels .
Twenty-three tornadoes were reported in association with Alicia . Fourteen of those were located in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area .
The breed originated in China and is among the earliest breeds .
Peter , waiting in the courtyard , also denies Jesus three times to bystanders while the interrogations were proceeding just as Jesus had predicted .
It is located on the Mbabane River and its tributary the Polinjane River in the Mdimba Mountains .
Under the recommendation of Steve Vai , B ` z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood 's RockWalk .
The late forensic expert Dr. William Maples decided that the Tsarevitch Alexei and Anastasia 's bodies were missing from the family 's grave .
While still considering the plan , Raskolnikov makes the acquaintance of Semyon Zakharovich Marmeladov , a drunkard who recently squandered his family 's little wealth .
The replacement program proceeded swiftly until 1940 , when the last pre-war conversion occurred , leaving only the South London trams and the subway routes 31 , 33 and 35 , the only tram routes operating into North London to survive the war .
In Italian it is called Isola d'Elba .
A section of seawall 10 m ( 33 ft ) long was also eroded near the track .
Mysore ( pronounced in English ; Mais ru ) is the second largest city in the state of Karnataka , India .
Brawl ( 2008 ) also features an alternate form of Samus called Zero Suit Samus , in which the heroine loses her Power Suit and has a different set of movements and attacks .
He was a Freemason but also an outstanding Orangeman , becoming Grandmaster of the Orange Order of British North America , 1870 - 1878 .
The 20th century , however , brought the need for a more precise definition .
Major League Baseball on Fox or MLB on Fox is the brand name for the Fox Broadcasting Company 's presentation of Major League Baseball games , produced by Fox Sports .
Brent Michael Bowden ( born May 21 , 1987 ) is an American football punter who is currently a free agent .
Bexhill-on-Sea ( often simply Bexhill ) is a town and seaside resort in the county of East Sussex , in the south of England , within the District of Rother .
Crupilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
However , because Plato wrote dialogues , it is assumed that Socrates is often speaking for Plato .
Willem Wissing , also known as William Wissing ( 1656 - 10 September 1687 ) , was a Dutch portrait artist .
The town hosts the Beaminster Festival , an annual nine-day music and art festival .
It is used in television series , films , video , video games , commercials , and internet-based releases , and represents most , if not all , genres of fiction .
It crossed western Cuba on June 10 and strengthened to just under hurricane strength before making its final landfall on the Florida Panhandle the next day .
The temple of Vishnu reclining on Anantha , the Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple remains the iconic landmark of the city .
Hartlepool is famous for allegedly executing a monkey during the Napoleonic Wars . According to legend , fishermen from Hartlepool watched a French warship founder off the coast , and the only survivor was a monkey , which was dressed in French military uniform , presumably to amuse the officers on the ship .
Three men are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river .
Esra Galun , Plant patterning : structural and molecular genetic aspects , p. 333 , World Scientific Publishing Company , ISBN 13-978-981-270-408-5 It is derived from the Greek word merizein ( ) , meaning to divide , in recognition of its inherent function .
The population of the city ( commune ) at the 1999 census was 70,850 inhabitants ( 71,300 inhabitants as per February 2004 estimates ) .
The prominent Tomsk State University library book reserve is considered to be among the richest in Russia .
The Island of Hawaii is administered as the County of Hawaii within the state of Hawaii .
Joe Vialls ( 1944 -- 17 July , 2005 ) was an internet journalist and a private investigator , based in Perth , Western Australia .
Guests travel through a 300 f curved tunnel through 14 f of water to view over 4,500 sea creatures including sharks , turtles , stingrays , and many more .
Department of Computer Science
King Creole is an American motion picture directed by Michael Curtiz , released by Paramount Pictures on July 2 , 1958 .
In the United States , the treaty was approved by the US Senate in a vote of 82 to 13 on July 21 , 1949 .
Adhyathmaramayanam by Thunchaththu Ramanujan Ezhuthachan ( known as the father of the Malayalam language ) who was born in Tirur , one of the most important works in Malayalam literature . Unnuneeli Sandesam written in the 14th century is amongst the oldest literary works in Malayalam language .
It consists of three segments featuring Cinderella planning a party , Jaq the mouse being turned into a human and living as Cinderella 's page boy , and one of Cinderella 's brutal stepsisters ( Anastasia , the redheaded one in a pink dress ) reaching her redemption through falling in love with a young baker , a low-class man of whom Lady Tremaine and Drizella do not approve .
June 12 & ndash ; French forces under king Louis XIV cross the Rhine into the Netherlands .
is a Titan , the son of Iapetus and Themis , and brother to Atlas , Epimetheus and Menoetius .
Jura ( ) is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
French literature and poetry flourished in the 18th and 19th centuries .
Ben Jonson 's poem ` On the Famous Voyage ' ( discussed in Andrew McRae 's article , cited below ) provides a mock-epic account of a journey along the excrement-lined ditch during the early seventeenth century .
Following the death of his mother ( 13 March 1824 ) , Charles Louis of Parma took over the government of Lucca and greatly contributed to Viareggio 's expansion , by building a new church , a royal casino and two beach resorts , the first ones to be built in Viareggio .
It gets its name from the red-brown breast band found on breeding adults , but this is mottled or entirely absent in non-breeding adults and juveniles .
He scored 80 goals and 418 assists for 498 points in 13 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks and one year for the Toronto Maple Leafs .
It crosses the Hindu Kush .
Psycholinguistics or psychology of language is the study of the psychological and neurobiological factors that enable humans to acquire , use , comprehend and produce language .
The Countess Geschwitz , Alwa and the Acrobat are awaiting Schigolch , who will take the Countess to the hospital .
They included most of the 1974 changes , but did not use Greater Manchester or Greater London as postal counties .
Sargent was brought up in Stamford , Lincolnshire , where he joined the choir at Peterborough Cathedral , studied the organ and won a scholarship to Stamford School .
In law , a person who has a money judgment entered in their favor by a court is called a judgement creditor .
Courdemanche is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
The Gospel According to Matthew ( , to euangelion kata Matthaion ) , commonly shortened to the Gospel of Matthew or simply Matthew , is one of the four canonical gospels and is the first book of the New Testament .
The film was nominated for seven Oscars , including Best Picture ; Tarantino and Avary won for Best Original Screenplay . It was also awarded the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival .
Katy features her real life friend and DJ , Mia Moretti and her main guy , Markus Molinari 's cat Bella and the upcoming singer Kesha in the music video .
Perry is a town in Noble County , Oklahoma , United States .
Schools High School students attend Rocky Mountain High School in Byron .
Captain James Cook FRS RN ( -- 14 February 1779 ) was a British explorer , navigator and cartographer , ultimately rising to the rank of Captain in the Royal Navy .
Lebiez is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The 1951 -- 52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League .
No safety significance .
She remained the only female squash player to have achieved this , until Raneem El Weleily emulated Nicol 's feat by winning her second World Junior Championship in 2007 .
From 1985 to 1998 he served as prime minister of the Saarland .
His undefeated streak in singles competition ended on the February 3 episode of ECW when he lost to Finlay in a non-title match .
From 1977 until 1994 , he was musical director and conductor of the U.S. National Symphony Orchestra in Washington , DC , while still performing with some of the most famous musicians such as Martha Argerich , Sviatoslav Richter and Vladimir Horowitz .
In the Second World War , the Battle of France was the German invasion of France and the Low Countries , executed on 10 May 1940 , which ended the Phoney War .
The Atlantic Ocean , the second largest , extends from the Southern Ocean between South America , Africa , North America and Europe , to the Arctic Ocean .
Aumerval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Genealogies of the tribes Preamble Here are the opening lines , in modernized spelling and punctuation ( from Sam Colop 's edition ) : Colop 1999 and an English translation Are uxe ` ojer tzij waral K`iche ` ub ` i ` .
These flaws resulted in the award 's being dropped after 1928 .
In 1927 his mother died , then , Eddie and his parents visited Bielefeld , Germany and Farsund , Norway to visit with relatives .
Mingoval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Vibeke 's children were of course the natural enemies of the children of Kirsten Munk , and the hatred of the two families was not without influence on the future history of Denmark .
Torre ( plurals torri and torres ) means tower in six Romance languages ( Portuguese , Spanish , Galician , Catalan , Italian and Corsican ) and may refer to :
Island Air is a small airline in the Cayman Islands providing services between Grand Cayman , Cayman Brac , and Little Cayman .
There were 6,921 households out of which 30.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.60 % were married couples living together , 10.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.30 % were non-families .
Roman Giertych comes from a prominent family of Polish politicians , being a son of Maciej Giertych and a grandson of J drzej Giertych .
Both parents were keen amateur musicians : his father sang in church choirs and played the cello and his mother sang songs from her native Wales .
Most of their training is done on the job while working for an employer who helps the apprentices learn their trade , in exchange for their continuing labour for an agreed period after they become skilled .
September & ndash ; Halley 's comet makes an appearance , and is observed by Edmond Halley himself .
Zeta or ZETA can refer to :
It is in this century misunderstood , so much misunderstood that it may be described as '' the love that dare not speak its name , '' and on that account of it I am placed where I am now .
Traffic cones were invented in 1914 by Charles P. Rudebaker .
Michigan State University , the University of Michigan , and Wayne State University are the three major research institutions in the state .
Arm wrestling puts enormous torque\/twist on the upper arm 's humerus bone to a degree seen in few other physical activities .
Snoop is best known as an MC in the West Coast hip hop scene , and for being one of producer Dr. Dre 's most notable protgs .
is one of the personifications and an unofficial mascot of Wikipedia .
The teeth belong to an animal the size of the dromaeosaurine Utahraptor , but they appear to belong to velociraptorines , judging by the shape of the teeth .
As part of the design , the spikes swayed slightly in the wind in order to withstand gusts in excess of 100 m/O. At the time of construction a time capsule was placed in one of the spikes of the sculpture , containing children 's poems and paintings , due to be opened circa 2300 .
Many alloys contain zinc , including brass , an alloy of zinc and copper .
The elevation is 590 m. Is known for hosting the Replan , the largest refinery of Petrobras .
Ouilly-le-Tesson is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Carl Pomerance has presented a heuristic argument which suggests that no odd perfect numbers exist.Oddperfect.org Also , it has been conjectured that there are no odd Ore 's harmonic numbers ( except for 1 ) .
The province is divided into the following municipalities ( municipios ) and municipal districts ( distrito municipal - D.M. ) within them :
Nagano Shinkansen
Meissen porcelain was the first high quality porcelain to be produced outside of China .
The government tried to stop the ANC by banning party leaders and enacting new laws to stop the ANC , however these measures ultimately proved to be ineffective .
She explained in a 1999 interview with The Guardian : '' Harry had to be an orphan - so that he 's a free agent , with no fear of letting down his parents , disappointing them ... Hogwarts has to be a boarding school - half the important stuff happens at night !
Jefferies played for Hearts for almost his whole playing career and enjoyed a successful first managerial spell with the club , winning the 1998 Scottish Cup .
Following his retirement from athletics he served as a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party from 1992 - 97 , and became a life peer in 2000 .
Montanes , Fish , Monfils , Baghdatis , Tsonga , Bellucci and Nalbandian all survived final set deciders .
Robert Cade , Dana Shires , Harry James Free , and Alejandro de Quesada were the medical researchers , at the University of Florida , who created the original Gatorade thirst quencher in 1965 .
The private key is kept secret , whilst the public key may be widely distributed .
World War II Australians capture Derna , Libya from the Italians .
- Anglo Saxon Chronicle .
Yunus later married Afrozi Yunus , who was then a researcher in physics at Manchester University .
Kate Cary ( born November 4 , 1967 in England ) is one of the authors of the Warriors novel series , a story about wild cats , which she writes under the pen name of Erin Hunter .
The term Baja Bug generally refers to an original Volkswagen Beetle modified to operate off-road ( open desert , sand dunes and beaches ) , although other versions of air-cooled Volkswagens are sometimes modified as well .
In 1885 , the site of Brockville Park in Falkirk was leased , and there the club remained until the last day of the 2002 03 season .
The papyri give details on disease , diagnosis , and remedies of disease , which include herbal remedies , surgery , and magical spells .
Fischer began her studies before her fourth birthday , when she received her first violin lesson from Helge Thelen ; a few months later she started studying the piano with her mother , Viera Fischer .
The classes '' geo '' , '' longitude '' , and '' latitude '' are used by the Geo microformat .
In music , a riff is an ostinato figure : a repeated chord progression , pattern , refrain or melodic figure , often played by the rhythm section instruments or solo instrument , that forms the basis or accompaniment of a musical composition .
Osbourne initially rose to prominence as lead vocalist and part lyricist of the pioneering English heavy metal band Black Sabbath , a band whose radically different , intentionally dark , doom sound spearheaded the heavy metal genre .
City of Victory ) was the Roman name for a city associated with the Emmaus of the New Testament , where Jesus is said to have appeared after his death and resurrection .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) is a corporation based in Lausanne , Switzerland , created by Demetrios Vikelas and Pierre de Coubertin on 23 June 1894 .
Muslim women often dress extremely modestly .
Soap bubbles usually last for only a few moments before bursting , either on their own or on contact with another object .
Brains-sur-Ge is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Saint-Mariens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Set in Latin America , it is made up of four different segments ; Donald Duck stars in two of them and Goofy stars in one .
It has also been published in 47 foreign languages .
A historic organ was installed in it by the Austrian firm Rieger , in 1907 .
The interface is available in five languages ( English , French , German , Spanish and Italian .
A Dutch province represents the administrative layer in between the national government and the local municipalities , having the responsibility for matters of subnational or regional importance .
The subject matter inherent in gangsta rap has caused a great deal of controversy .
The Soxhlet extractor is placed onto a flask containing the extraction solvent .
Interview on The Morning Show with Mike & Juliet , March 8 , 2007 In 1986 , he moved with his first wife to Jacksonville , Florida .
The Caesar cipher is named after Julius Caesar , who , according to Suetonius , used it with a shift of three to protect messages of military significance .
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1740s/50s 1760s 1770s 1780s 1790s 1771 Atlantic hurricane season No storms were reported .
In special relativity , in order to more clearly express the fact that Maxwell 's ( ` microscopic ' ) equations take the same form in any inertial coordinate system , Maxwell 's equations are written in terms of four-vectors and tensors in the '' manifestly covariant '' form .
Anders Celsius ( 27 November 1701 -- 25 April 1744 ) was a Swedish astronomer .
Green County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
ATI Technologies Inc , is a major designer and supplier of graphics processing units and motherboard chipsets based in Canada .
There are two types of bagging mowers .
Scots History Online The Union Flag has been used in a variety of forms since 1606 , Royal Website when the Flag of Scotland and the Flag of England were first merged to symbolise the Union of the Crowns .
On June 13 , 1927 , a ticker-tape parade was held for him down 5th Avenue in New York City .
She is best known to modern audiences for her television roles as Sue Ann Nivens on The Mary Tyler Moore Show and Rose Nylund on The Golden Girls .
He later formed Slash 's Snakepit and co-founded Velvet Revolver with his former bandmates Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum , and his debut solo album , Slash , was released in April 2010 .
Ricciardo continued his partnership with Carlin , by heading to the Macau Grand Prix with the team .
Justin Raimondo ( born Dennis Raimondo on November 18 , 1951 ) is an American author and the editorial director of the website Antiwar.com .
It was a Newbery Honor book in 1968 .
Oddleifson was selected 10th overall in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft by the California Golden Seals following a dominant final junior season with the Winnipeg Jets of the WCHL , during which he finished with 95 points ( including a league-leading 64 assists ) and 243 penalty minutes .
Canada Day observances take place throughout Canada as well as internationally .
Lithium chloride is produced by treatment of lithium carbonate with hydrochloric acid .
The event became a pay-per-view the following year .
The Bali Nine is the name given to a group of nine people arrested on 17 April 2005 , in Denpasar on the island of Bali , Indonesia , in a plan to smuggle of heroin valued at approximately AUD 4 million from Indonesia to Australia .
On 2 September 2008 , following the clashes between the pro and anti-government protesters which led to at least one pro government protesters death , Sundaravej declared a controversial state of emergency .
Patrick Swayze was born on August 18 , 1952 , in Houston , Texas , the second child of Patsy Yvonne Helen ( ne Karnes ; born 1927 ) , a choreographer , dance instructor , and dancer , and Jesse Wayne Swayze ( 1925 -- 1982 ) , an engineering draftsman .
Political life During 1983 he was elected as a Democrat to the Mississippi House of Representatives , where he served until 1990 .
Sterling is a city in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
Jens Nowotny ( born January 11 , 1974 in Malsch ) is a retired German footballer , who played as a central defender .
The Borkum and Helgoland camps were '' volunteer '' ( Hilfswillige ) labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the Sylt and Norderney camps .
Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun ( March 23 , 1912 & ndash ; June 16 , 1977 ) was a German-American rocket scientist , engineer and space architect , becoming one of the leading figures in the creation of rocket technology in Germany and the United States .
In practice it is the locomotive which governs where trains may operate , although many high capacity 4 axle wagons have high RAs when fully loaded .
In Europe , moose are found in large numbers throughout Norway , Sweden , Estonia , Finland and the Baltic States .
Although squid is more popular as a restaurant dish all over the world , in East Asia dried , shredded cuttlefish is a popular snack food .
Computer security is a branch of technology known as information security as applied to computers and networks .
She won two Best Actress Academy Awards for playing '' southern belles '' : Scarlett O'Hara in Gone with the Wind ( 1939 ) and Blanche DuBois in A Streetcar Named Desire ( 1951 ) , a role she also played on stage in London 's West End .
Currently he is leader of the Pirate Party Germany .
The screenplay was written by Ferrell and McKay , from a story written by Ferrell , McKay and Reilly .
Judging from its size , Megalania would have fed mostly upon medium to large sized animals , including any of the giant marsupials like Diprotodon along with other reptiles , small mammals , and birds and their eggs and chicks .
The Service employs nearly 6000 people around Australia and overseas and is headquartered in Canberra .
It consisted of the Heer ( army ) , the Kriegsmarine ( navy ) and the Luftwaffe ( air force ) .
Lumino is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
They can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases , which can break the alpha-linkages ( glycosidic bonds ) .
The Lynton & Barnstaple Railway Association ( since 2000 , a charitable trust ) was formed in 1979 .
Joyeuse
He attended the British School at Rome from 1965-1966 , and received his PhD in 1968 from the University of Nottingham .
Campugnan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
William H.C. Chang
Non-SI measures such as pounds per square inch and bar are used in some parts of the world , primarily in the United States of America .
Stephen Ayodele Makinwa ( born 26 July 1983 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian football striker , who is currently playing for Larissa .
Alexander succeeded John Heisman as the head coach at Georgia Tech in April 1920 .
Manuel Pasqual ( born March 13 , 1982 ) is a footballer for ACF Fiorentina of Serie A and the Italy national football team .
It is a football club , which plays in the French Ligue 2 , at the two-sided Stade Gabriel Montpied .
Some flatfish can camouflage themselves on the ocean floor .
Foaled , or born , in 1951 , Lightning Bar was bred to be a race horse , but injuries and bouts of illnesses kept him from racing past the age of two .
Rats are bigger than most Old World mice , which are their relatives , but seldom weigh over 500 g in the wild .
The city of Odense is the third largest city in Denmark . Odense city has a population of 166,305 ( As of 2010 ) and is the main city of the island of Funen .
He made important contributions to proof theory by clarifying the connections between classical logic , intuitionistic logic , and modal logic .
The English playwright and poet William Shakespeare is widely regarded as the greatest dramatist of all time .
Statistics of Austrian first class in the 1912/1913 season .
In July 2007 , Metlink launched a new campaign , '' I Highly Recommend You Get on the Bus '' , featuring musical comedian Frank Woodley , to promote improvements in bus services .
There , competition comprised two stages , a group stage and a knock-out stage .
In 1972 the Euskirchen district grew again by the inclusion of the Schleiden district .
On 9 August 1982 , Rau married the political scientist , Christina Delius ( born 1956 ) .
The British Rail '' double arrow '' logo is formed of two interlocked arrows showing the direction of travel on a double track railway and was nicknamed '' the arrow of indecision '' .
A chiral molecule is not necessarily asymmetric ( devoid of any symmetry element ) , as it can have , for example , rotational symmetry .
The Central line is a London Underground line , coloured red on the tube map .
Taste ( or , more formally , gustation ; adjectival form : '' gustatory '' ) is a form of direct chemoreception and is one of the traditional five senses .
These monsters migrate in large groups .
Lenz was found the next morning by her roommates in a coma and lying in a pool of her own blood .
The settlement grew to the west of St Andrews cathedral with the southern side of the Scores to the north and the Kinness burn to the south .
Timothy W. Burton ( known as Tim Burton ) ( born August 25 , 1958 ) is an Academy Award - and Golden Globe-nominated American film director , film producer , writer and artist .
The Mustagh Pass or Muztagh Pass is a pass across the Baltoro Muztagh range in the Karakorams which includes K2 , the world 's second highest mountain .
Cold War Kids started in 2004 in historic downtown Fullerton in guitarist\/vocalist Jonnie Russell 's apartment above the restaurant Mulberry St. ( their first EP title ) The band relocated to Whittier , California and began recording their first demos , which , when released in the spring of 2005 , ultimately became known as the Mulberry Street EP .
For other sorts of college football , see College football ( disambiguation ) .
A typographical variation , which is halfway between these two forms , uses a solidus ( fraction slash ) but elevates the dividend , and lowers the divisor : Any of these forms can be used to display a fraction .
Bilzen is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
Darren Barr Fletcher ( born 1 February 1984 in Dalkeith , Scotland ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a Central Midfielder for English Premier League club Manchester United .
Stormie 's influence caused Steve to apply to the California State University , Long Beach for enrollment with a major in Philosophy .
He is currently the manager of the Spanish national football team , taking over from Luis Aragons following Spain 's title success at Euro 2008 , going on to lead Spain to win their first-ever World Cup two years later .
BA Degree with Honours in International Hotel Management ( BAHM )
Coventry ( or ) is a city and metropolitan borough in the county of West Midlands in England .
He was a major contributor to two popular magazines and a friend to influential cultural icons like Samuel Johnson and Henry Fielding .
This included electric guitar , piano , drums , violin , viola , cello , and bass .
In cryptography , RC4 ( also known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below ) is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) ( to protect Internet traffic ) and WEP ( to secure wireless networks ) .
Mansfield is the center of a large shire ; it was joined with the nearby town of Benalla away , to form Delatite Shire .
The Victoria Cross ( VC ) is the highest military decoration which is , or has been , awarded for valor '' in the face of the enemy '' to members of the armed forces of various Commonwealth countries , and previous British Empire territories .
Ike also had the highest Integrated Kinetic Energy ( IKE ) of any Atlantic storm .
Microbial mats grow at interfaces between different types of material , mostly on submerged or moist surfaces but a few survive in deserts .
Notable people John Boyd Orr ; biologist , politician and Nobel Peace Prize-winner .
At this point the Muslim leaders amended the Constitution of the Muslim Conference , renamed it the All Jammu and Kashmir National Conference , modified its objectives , and threw its membership open to all the people of the State .
In a specification chart or when an abbreviation is used , an inline-four engine is listed either as I4 or L4 ( for longitudinal , to avoid confusion between the digit 1 and the letter I ) .
By volume it is the world 's fourth largest salt lake after the Caspian Sea , Issyk-Kul Lake and the ( shrinking ) Aral Sea , and among all lakes it ranks twenty-fourth .
Critics have asserted that both Fox 's news reporting and its political commentary promote conservative political positions .
It exists in two parts : a completed highway from Indianapolis , Indiana , northeast to the Canadian border in Port Huron , Michigan , and a mostly-proposed extension southwest to the Mexican border in Texas .
The Zimmermann Telegram ( or Zimmermann Note ) was a 1917 diplomatic proposal from the German Empire to Mexico to make war against the United States .
To this end , in May 1933 , he petitioned the Italian Premier , Benito Mussolini , '' to ask his assistance in guaranteeing that the Siena quarries sent nothing inferior to the official sample marble '' .
Email servers accept , forward , deliver and store messages .
The President of the European Parliament presides over the debates and activities of the European Parliament .
Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula NH3 .
He graduated from the Escola with honors five years later .
Seiko Holdings Corporation , more commonly known simply as Seiko , is a Japanese watch company .
Lacres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
R.E.M. released its first single , '' Radio Free Europe '' , in 1981 on the independent record label Hib-Tone .
Gustav Mahler Jugendorchester ( Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra ) is a youth orchestra based in Vienna , Austria , founded in 1986 by conductor Claudio Abbado .
Rocannon 's World was Ursula K. Le Guin 's first novel .
After some ten years of development , which Zamenhof spent translating literature into Esperanto as well as writing original prose and verse , the first book of Esperanto grammar was published in Warsaw in July 1887 .
Leeds Kirkgate Market is a market in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England located on Vicar Lane .
Tuscaloosa is a city in and the seat of Tuscaloosa County in the west central part of the U.S. state of Alabama .
He also served as Chancellor of the Exchequer four times ( 1853 -- 1855 , 1859 -- 1866 , 1873 -- 1874 , and 1880 -- 1882 ) .
In 1423 Guelders passed to the House of Egmond , who even reached the recognition by Emperor Sigismund of Luxembourg .
Esquay-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Their initially warm rapport lasted until Tagore spoke out against Mussolini on 20 July 1926 .
After Stratus pushed her away , James ' character made a complete heel turn by attacking Stratus in the ring and later vowing to destroy her .
Maria attempts to phone Kelsey , but sets off the alarms again , causing the Archetype to escape , transferring the focus upon him .
Vollach owns a Bachelor 's degree in History & Political science from the University of Haifa , and a Master 's degree in business administration from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Icing in ice hockey occurs when a player shoots the puck across at least two red lines , the opposing team 's goal line being the last , and the puck remains untouched . It is , however , not icing if the puck is shot from behind the halfway line into the goal .
Malaya was restructured as the Federation of Malaya in 1948 , and achieved independence on 31 August 1957 .
For example , a light ray will refract as it enters and leaves glass , assuming there is a change in refractive index .
Zeus and Mnemosyne slept together for nine consecutive nights and thereby created the nine Muses .
At the end of the 20th century , the anti-tobacco campaign in Germany was unable to exceed the seriousness of the Nazi-era climax in the years 1939 - 41 and German tobacco health research was described by Robert N. Proctor as '' muted '' .
Phoronids have a simple blood system comprising a single descending artery and ascending vein linked by a network of fine capillaries .
ICEX Spanish Companies Info It is registered in Spain and Delaware .
The rainfall caused flooding along the Yaque del Norte River , and initially there appeared to be a threat that the Tavera Dam along the river would fail , potentially killing thousands in Santiago Province .
Paul Revere incorporated bees , a beehive , and the sun into his design of the school 's seal .
Subsidiarity is an organizing principle that matters ought to be handled by the smallest , lowest or least centralized competent authority .
As he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure composed of water rises out of the river and pulls him under , drowning him , the other two men run on .
Unlike the Olympic Games , the youth athletes taking part in the YOG were expected to stay in the host city throughout the Games to take part in an integrated sport and culture and education program ( CEP ) .
Gordon reached its secondary peak of 105 mph ( 165 km/h ) on the morning of September 19 , before weakening slightly .
Matthew the Evangelist ( \/O/ , '' Gift of Yahweh '' , Standard Hebrew and Tiberian Hebrew : Mattay or Mattithyahu ; Septuagint , Matthaios ) was , according to Christian tradition , one of the twelve Apostles of Jesus and one of the four Evangelists .
Reginald Fitz first described acute and chronic appendicitis in 1886 , and it has been recognized as one of the most common causes of severe acute abdominal pain worldwide .
He is trained in freestyle wrestling , rugby , football , sambo , kickboxing , judo , and mixed martial arts .
When the projectile leaves the barrel , the conservation of angular momentum improves accuracy and range , in the same way that a properly thrown American football or rugby ball behaves .
Moisture from the remnants of Ismael extended into southwestern Arizona and southern New Mexico .
Of all baseball players in history , ` Aardsma ' ranks first alphabetically . Aardsma 's sister is American actress and beauty pageant contestant Amanda Aardsma .
In addition to voicing the Ent Treebeard in Lord of the Rings , Rhys-Davies has also lent his distinctive deep , Welsh voice to many video games and animated television series , including playing the role of Hades in Justice League and numerous times in Gargoyles ( 1994 -- 1996 ) , as the character Macbeth .
Takashi Aizawa is a Japanese footballer .
Albert '' Al '' Hirschfeld ( June 21 , 1903 -- January 20 , 2003 ) was an American caricaturist best known for his simple black and white satirical portraits of celebrities and Broadway stars .
Sauber Petronas Engineering AG was a company owned jointly by the Swiss racing car manufacturer Sauber ( 60 % ) and the Malaysian oil company Petronas ( 40 % ) .
The plan fails due to the interference of the Doctor , his companions and Caan himself , who has been manipulating events to destroy the Daleks after realising the severity of the atrocities they have committed .
The film chronicles the relationship and lack of communication between a mother and daughter during the Cuban economic crisis known as the Special Period .
Karthikeyan 's interest in motorsport began at an early age , as his father was a former Indian national rally champion winning South India Rally seven times .
Wadi Wassa
Efforts begun in 1996 to promote the inclusion of orienteering in the Olympic Games have so far been unsuccessful , although orienteering became a sport in the World Games in 2001 , and is a sport in the Summer Deaflympics .
Daniel Van Buyten ( ; born 7 February 1978 in Chimay ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a defender and also as an emergency striker for Bayern Munich , following a June 2006 transfer from Hamburg .
Legislation ( or '' statutory law '' ) is law which has been promulgated ( or '' enacted '' ) by a legislature or other governing body , or the process of making it .
Goran Vasilijevi ( Serbian Cyrillic : opa Bac e ; born 27 August 1965 ) is a Serbian former football player .
March 9 & ndash ; Phoebe Knapp , American hymn writer ( d. 1908 )
A shrine was later erected on the spot where he stood , and was called the Animisalocana cetiya .
By having two brands in place , the WWF was able to increase the number of live events held each year from 200 to 350 , including tours in several new international markets .
While bubbles composed mostly of water burst quickly , water containing amphiphiles forms much more stable bubbles , lending more time to the particular bubble to perform these crucial reactions .
Saint Birgitta , Swedish saint ( d. 1373 )
According to a Byzantine historian of the 14th century , Volos was known as '' Golos '' . The most widely accepted theory for the derivation of the city 's name suggests that Volos is a corruption of the Mycenaean Iolkos , which had become distorted through the ages to become '' Golkos '' , later '' Golos '' , and subsequently '' Volos '' .
Discovery The giant huntsman spider was discovered in northern Laos in 2001 .
Half-hour series were mostly restricted to situation comedy or family comedy , and were usually aired with either a live or artificial laugh track .
The film is a melodious love story , starring Waheed Murad , Zeba , Nirala , Rozina , Azad and Ibrahim Nafees .
The company has annual sales of over $ 6.27 billion .
Baleen whales constitute Mysticeti , a suborder of cetaceans which have baleen and two blowholes .
In late August 2004 some reports started emerging predicting a London and Paris tie in the 2012 bid .
Locke had been looking for a career and in 1667 moved into Shaftesbury 's home at Exeter House in London , to serve as Lord Ashley 's personal physician .
WrestleMania 22 was the twenty-second annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , working on its Raw brand .
With a carefully maintained web presence including their MP3 .
The color razzle dazzle rose was formulated by Crayola in 1990 .
In addition to service , a serf was required to pay certain taxes and fees .
Gothard is currently the president and a board member of this organizationInstitute in Basic Life Principle 's Board from iblp.org .
The names of the earthly branches have no English counterparts and are not the Chinese translations of the animals .
One of the primary examples of conciliation is the adjustment of labor disputes without a strike or an extended strike .
He is well-known for his time in the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius and several other bands .
For example , a red-green colorblind person who is incapable of distinguishing colors on a map printed on paper may have no such difficulty when viewing the map on a computer screen or television .
Christopher Maurice Brown ( born May 5 , 1989 ) is an American recording artist and actor .
Memberships may be terminated at the discretion of the ruling body of the Church of Satan consisting of the High Priest , the High Priestess and the Council of Nine .
He spent most of the war years in Ruhleben until Geiger 's laboratory interceded for his release .
MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture created by Andrew S. Tanenbaum for educational purposes ; MINIX also inspired the creation of the Linux kernel .
Masakuni Yamamoto ( born April 4 , 1958 in Numazu , Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese former football player and is currently a commentator of football match program of NHK .
On September 24 a tropical depression developed southeast of Bermuda , and while tracking northward it quickly intensified to become Hurricane Juan .
Marriage criteria began to weigh intelligence and education as desirable attributes in a wife , right along with physical attractiveness .
Trivia Komitas Avenue , the main thoroughfare of Yerevan 's Arabkir District , is named after Komitas Vardapet Notes External links Virtual Museum of Komitas Vardapet Isabel Bayrakdarian : Gomidas Songs on Nonesuch Biography # 1 Biography # 2 Biography # 3 Some songs in .
The outflow from supernovae and the stellar wind of large stars play an important part in shaping the interstellar medium .
Central Martung ( Koozkalai ) is 982 meters above sea level . , Being not plain area , some parts of Martung are even more than 1800 meters above mean sea level .
These attributes make neon bulbs ( with series resistors ) very convenient as the basis for low-cost testers ; they determine whether a given voltage source is AC or DC , and if DC , the polarity of the points being tested .
The FORTRAN defined by the first standard became known as FORTRAN 66 ( although many continued to refer to it as FORTRAN IV , the language upon which the standard was largely based ) .
Technique and overall arm strength are the two greatest contributing factors to winning an arm wrestling match .
It is incapable of compressing files , although it is able to extract compressed ones ; it supports RAR , ZIP and other formats .
They are a polycurrent version ( 1500 V DC and 25 kV 50 Hz AC ) of the BB 7200 and BB 15000 classesThe designation '' 22000 '' is in fact the sum of 7200 and 15000 , with which it shares the exterior appearance .
Tijani Babangida ( born September 25 , 1973 in Kaduna ) is a former football winger from Nigeria .
Leesburg is also served by a town police department .
The Caspian Sea is entirely landlocked , with no access to the ocean .
If the user stopped vandalizing some time ago , and their edit histories do n't suggest a pattern of chronic vandalism , there 's no need to warn or block them at all ( although a welcome template might help future visits ) .
History The first musical instrument called '' vibraphone '' was marketed by the Leedy Manufacturing Company in the United States in 1921 .
We 're Alive '' , Up-Front Works Discography -- Souda !
However even with all those factors taken into account , human behavior again deviates greatly from the predictions of prescriptive decision theory , leading to alternative models in which , for example , objective interest rates are replaced by subjective discount rates .
Another approach uses several of the previous N ciphertext digits to compute the keystream .
This term was first used to refer to the rule that describes how the voices relate to each other .
On 22 May 2009 , the band announced through their website and Twitter that the title of their new album would be The Resistance and that one of the track titles would be '' United States of Eurasia '' .
At that point the island consisted of three kingdoms , namely Kandy in the central hills , Kotte at the Western coast , and Yarlpanam ( Anglicised Jaffna ) in the north .
The show has had other names and other presenters , as detailed below .
Gateshead F.C. are a football team based in Gateshead , England , who will play in the Conference National for the 2009-10 season .
She has sold over 10 million copies of her albums during the span of her career thus far .
He is the 2007 Canadian national silver medalist .
Aphids have also been spread by human transportation of infested plant materials .
The North Atlantic Treaty is the treaty that brought NATO into existence , signed in Washington , D.C. on April 4 , 1949 .
Wofford 's colors are old gold and black . The school mascot is the Boston Terrier .
Unsafe abortion is a significant cause of maternal mortality and morbidity in the world .
The Chief of the Air Staff , located at National Defense Headquarters in Ottawa , commands and provides strategic direction to the Air Force . The Commander of 1 Canadian Air Division and Canadian NORAD Region , based in Winnipeg , is responsible for the operational command and control of Air Force activities throughout Canada and worldwide .
Cassowaries can run up to 50 km/h ( 31 mph ) through the dense forest .
Waves of European immigrants started arriving after 1850 , mainly Germans , Italians , Poles and Ukrainians .
The chicken is prepared in traditional Hainanese methods which involve the boiling of the entire chicken in a pork and chicken bone stock , reusing the broth over and over and only topping it up with water when needed , in accordance with the Chinese preferences for creating master stocks .
While the western part of the boulevard retained its character , the area around present-day Bebelplatz was integrated into the fortification of Berlin in the aftermath of the Thirty Years ' War , visible until today as there are no trees .
It seems that this occurred because the color of the fur of the mole can itself exhibit a wide range of shades , from gray through yellowish , brownish , and even purplish .
Roberts is a city in Jefferson County , Idaho , United States .
Al Dhahra Tripoli ( ) is a Libyan football club based in Tripoli , Libya .
Mary and Eliza Chulkhurst , English conjoined twins ( d. 1134 )
The word euphemism itself can be used as a euphemism .
Fopp is the second EP by the American grunge band Soundgarden , released in August 1988 through Sub Pop Records .
He jumps ship in New York City to search for his American G.I. father , Wes Hubert ( Robert Clohessy ) , whom he has never met and who does not know he exists .
One of the consequences was the cession of parts of modern day Hong Kong to the British .
; Lyttelton Buildings in Lyttelton sustained widespread damage , with a fire officer reporting that 60 % of the buildings in the main street had been severely damaged .
The brothers , residents of the United States since 1989 , were in New York City at the time of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
A mural is any piece of artwork painted directly on a wall , ceiling or other large permanent surface .
January 16 -- Adriana Iliescu gives birth at 66 , becoming the oldest woman in the world to do so .
They were believed to oppose free trade and hinder technological innovation , technology transfer and business development .
It was released as the album 's fourth single in 1996 ( see 1996 in music ) .
Mark Thomas Lawrenson ( born 2 June 1957 ) is an English born former professional football player , a defender in the Liverpool and Irish football teams of the 1980s ; he has since become a radio , television and internet pundit for the BBC and Today FM .
Le Rouret is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Bishop of London , Henry Compton , crowned William and Mary together at Westminster Abbey on 11 April 1689 .
There are conflicting reports of the magnitude of the quake , with the Taiwan 's Central Weather Bureau marking it at 7.0 ML , the United States Geological Survey estimating it at 7.1 Mw , the Hong Kong Observatory , and the Japan Meteorological Agency put the magnitude at 7.2 Mw .
Aberdeen is a village in Brown County , Ohio , United States , along the Ohio River .
In 1875 , Crawford appeared on the 50 cent bill .
A History of Violence is the sixth album by Philadelphia hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks , released on November 11 , 2008 on Babygrande Records .
OpenOffice.org Base ( '' Base '' for short ) , a database module , initially appeared with OpenOffice.org version 2.0 .
Bangui is home to the University of Bangui , founded in 1970 .
Cell division is the process by which a parent cell divides into two or more daughter cells .
Japanese studio albums 2000 : C.L.L Crystal Lover Light 2001 : 637 : Always and Forever 2002 : Almost Seventeen 2003 : 4 Real 2005 : Crystal Style 2006 : Call Me Miss. . .
The latest game in the series , Wizardry 8 , is available only for Microsoft Windows .
Now Ultra Beatdown review .
Mathematics and logic The colon is used in mathematics , cartography , model building and other fields to denote a ratio or a scale , as in 3:1 ( pronounced '' three to one '' ) .
Raised in Stenhamra , a suburb of Stockholm , Sweden , he broke through as a producer and songwriter in the mid 1990s after crafting a string of hits for pop artists like the Backstreet Boys , Britney Spears , \* NSYNC , Robyn , Kelly Clarkson , Katy Perry , and Pink , among many others .
At some date between 1937 and 1955 , three parakeets resembling this species were sighted and filmed in the Okefenokee Swamp of Georgia .
North Bay Village is located at .
Dialogue The dialogue in Joss Whedon 's shows and movies usually involves pop culture references both notable and obscure , and the turning of nouns into adjectives by adding a '' y '' at the end of the word ( '' listy '' ) .
Killin ( Cill Fhinn ` the White ( or Fair ) Church ' in Gaelic ) is a village situated at the western head of Loch Tay in Stirling ( formerly Perthshire ) , Scotland .
Tagore was famed throughout much of Europe , North America , and East Asia .
Yasushi Kita is a Japanese football player who plays for Gainare Tottori .
Released on 17 February 2000 , Gates Ushers in Next Generation of PC Computing With Launch of Windows 2000 it was the successor to Windows NT 4.0 , and is the final release of Microsoft Windows to display the '' Windows NT '' designation .
Possession Island is a small island in the Torres Strait Islands group off the coast of far northern Queensland , Australia .
Philadelphia Flyers -- 95 points
The center communicates Danish urban history to a wider audience on the internet through a website called The Digital City Gate which gives access to databases and presentations of Danish urban history with emphasis on the period from 1600-1900 .
Those same attributes made the Beetle the perfect choice for the basis of an off-road vehicle as evidenced by the car 's success both then and now in the Baja 1000 off-road race .
Fanning Springs is located at .
People involved in , and proponents of , the movement may be described as '' antisexual '' .
Wario Land 4 ( known as Wario Land Advance in Japan ) is a video game released for the Game Boy Advance system in 2001 .
He was mourned by Brutus as '' the Last of the Romans '' and buried in Thasos .
Early death An alcoholic for most of his adult life , Toulouse-Lautrec was placed in a sanatorium shortly before his death .
The subject matter and story lines are typically consistent with the age and experience of the main character , but beyond that YA stories span the entire spectrum of fiction genres .
Hopetoun told the police not to interfere , and listened to Fleming put the case for the unemployed .
While most historians trace its origins to the period immediately following World War II , others argue that it began towards the end of World War I , although tensions between the Russian Empire , other European countries and the United States date back to the middle of the 19th century .
Kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly American Top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from March 1998 until January 10 , 2004 , when Ryan Seacrest succeeded him .
and many original Japanese cartoons were produced in the ensuing decades , the characteristic anime style developed in the 1960s -- notably with the work of Osamu Tezuka -- and became known outside Japan in the 1980s .
The northern end is at the Canada -- United States border in Champlain , where it continues into Quebec as Autoroute 15 , which connects it to Montreal .
United States ' , Russia 's and Saudi Arabia 's voting power was unchanged .
It depicts an enormous wave threatening boats near the Japanese prefecture of Kanagawa .
Les Epesses is a commune in the Vende department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Suidae is the biological family to which pigs and their relatives belong .
The United States has the largest and most concentrated waterpark market , with over a thousand waterparks and dozens of new parks opening each year .
Early in his career he became renowned for his research at Yale 's Cowles Foundation in the first half of the 1960s on the sources of economic growth .
In algebraic notation the starting squares are c1 and f1 for White 's bishops , and c8 and f8 for Black 's bishops .
The 1928 Games were the first true Winter Olympics held on its own as they were not in conjunction with a Summer Olympics .
It is the only Kindle with expandable memory , via an SD card slot .
Grapes can be eaten raw or used for making jam , juice , jelly , vinegar , wine , grape seed extracts , raisins , and grape seed oil .
In 1990 , Krall relocated to New York .
La Chapelle-Craonnaise is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
As a consequence , some manufacturers have added encryption hardware to their drives -- although software encryption systems achieve the same thing , and are universally available for all USB flash drives .
Throughout the island , roughly 6,000 people were left without power as numerous branches were snapped off trees and knocked down power lines .
The black griffin to the right derives from the coat of arms of Pomerania , which however used a red griffin as their symbol .
Mechanical stimulation ( such as by predator attack ) causes '' reflex bleeding '' in both larval and adult ladybird beetles , in which an alkaloid toxin is exuded through the joints of the exoskeleton , deterring feeding .
Women may wear sports bras which provide greater support , thus increasing comfort and reducing the chance of damage to the ligaments of the chest during high-impact exercises such as jogging .
O2 + NaCl + H2O Hydrogen peroxide is frequently used as an oxidizing agent in organic chemistry .
String theories include objects more general than strings , called branes .
Like Ender 's Game , the book won the Nebula Award in 1986 , and the Hugo Award in 1987 , making Card the first author in history to win both these awards in two consecutive years .
If it finds a small victim Glaucus simply envelops it with its capacious mouth , but if the prey is a larger siphonophore the mollusk nibbles off its fishing tentacles , the ones carrying the most potent nematocysts .
Section 51 of the Constitution provides for the Commonwealth Government 's legislative powers and allocates certain powers and responsibilities ( known as '' heads of power '' ) to the federal government .
It follows the adventures of a young Mustang stallion .
In the years following the achievement of complete independence Bulgaria became increasingly militarized , and was referred to as '' the Prussia of the Balkans ''
The summer fur is shorter ( being only 15 mm long on the back ) and even sparser , with the belly being half bare .
The Jewish Colonization Association , created in 1891 by the Baron Maurice de Hirsch , was aimed at facilitating mass emigration of Jews from Russia and other Eastern European countries , by settling them in agricultural colonies on lands purchased by the committee , particularly in North and South America ( especially Argentina ) .
This page was last modified $ 1 .
GHD advises to use the serial number to check validity on their website or by phoning head office .
Suppose that reliable sources , for a crime article , had reported an extreme viewpoint , of the house seeming '' thoroughly cleaned with bleach '' but then an article immediately countered that extreme claim , by linking an opposing section , such as '' Claims of bleach refuted at trial '' .
The exact origin of the lemon has remained a mystery , though it is widely presumed that lemons first grew in India , northern Burma , and China .
In 1842 , the appearance of the ship Manilus threw the small colony into a frenzy .
Foster was unsuccessful in a bid to return to the House in 1890 , but was appointed by Benjamin Harrison a year later to become Secretary of the Treasury upon the death of William Windom .
Behaviorism comprises the position that all theories should have observational correlates but that there are no philosophical differences between publicly observable processes ( such as actions ) and privately observable processes ( such as thinking and feeling ) .
Although the replacement , the Barebones Parliament ( July December 1653 ) , was nominated by Cromwell and the leaders of the army , it proved just as difficult to control and was in addition a subject of popular ridicule .
There is a simple workaround : switch to Monobook when creating books .
The ability to move two spaces , and the resulting ability to have an en passant capture , were only introduced in 15th century Europe ( see En passant #Historical context ) .
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodent that contains the pocket gophers ( Geomyidae ) , the kangaroo rats and mice ( Heteromyidae ) , and their fossil relatives .
The 1983 revision of the Atari 5200 has two controller ports instead of four , and a change back to the more conventional separate power supply and standard non-autoswitching RF switch .
In 1861 , Morris founded a design firm in partnership with the artist Edward Burne-Jones , and the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti which had a profound impact on the decoration of churches and houses into the early 20th century .
The term is commonly used in its shortened form , phage .
The four major Sunni schools of Islamic jurisprudence ( Madh ` hab ) differentiate between harmful apostasy and harmless apostasy ( also known as major and minor apostasy ) in accepting repentance .
Hatri is a Union council of Hyderabad Taluka ( rural ) in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Dunnellon is located at .
The metal detector worked flawlessly in tests but did not find the assassin 's bullet partly because the metal bed frame the President was lying on disturbed the instrument , resulting in static .
At age 10 , Tapia was already a professional musician , playing '' Stars and Stripes Forever '' for World War I troops in Hawaii .
The Canadiens won the first half , and Toronto the second half .
It was clear that the UN did not have sufficient resources to combat the paramilitary forces directly .
In 2009 the government put a limit of 1,611,216 for the number of Red Kangaroos available for commercial use .
Cranston is a part of the Providence metropolitan area .
It has the 29th largest population in the world and the second largest in South America , after Brazil .
Specific gravity usually means relative density with respect to water .
Geography Irmo is located at ( 34.092629 , -81.186073 ) .
There is also speculation as to whether or not the '' Bob '' in Bobcats is a further reference to Robert '' Bob '' Johnson , the original owner of the team .
Schwalm-Eder is a Kreis ( district ) in the north of Hesse , Germany .
Takumi Watanabe is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Roasso Kumamoto .
An ammeter is a measuring instrument used to measure the electric current in a circuit .
Spiral arms are regions of stars that extend from the center of spiral and barred spiral galaxies .
, The Crying Game and Clerks .
Since 2006 , Bertsch has been a visiting lecturer at Istanbul Technical University .
However , the interiors of Great Dark Spots are relatively cloud-free , and unlike Jupiter 's spot , which has lasted for hundreds of years , their lifetimes appear to be much shorter , forming and dissipating once every few years or so .
The adjective '' Gondwanan '' is in common use in biogeography when referring to patterns of distribution of living organisms , typically when the organisms are restricted to two or more of the now-discontinuous regions that were once part of Gondwana , including the Antarctic flora .
The second was St Michael 's , a 14th century Gothic church later designated Cathedral , that remains a ruined shell after its bombing during the Second World War .
The concept of a '' picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as '' Bildpunkt '' ( the German word for pixel , literally picture point ) in the 1888 German patent of Paul Nipkow .
A movable pulley has a mechanical advantage of 2 .
On January 18 , 2008 , Global Spectrum publicly announced its intentions to host WrestleMania in 2010 .
On August 4 , 2007 , Kevin Harvick made history by winning the first NASCAR Busch Series ( now Nationwide Series ) race at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in what was one of the most controversial NASCAR races ever .
Bangui is the capital of and the largest city in the Central African Republic .
Family : Amphisbaenidae - Gray , 1865 -- Amphisbaenids , tropical worm lizards
Lodging is done in a hotel , hostel or hostal , a private home ( commercial , i.e. a bed and breakfast , a guest house , a vacation rental , or non-commercially , with members of hospitality services or in the home of friends ) , in a tent , caravan\/camper ( often on a campsite ) .
As a result , Mysterio became the new World Heavyweight Champion .
The manga was translated into English in North America by VIZ Media , but publication stopped in 2001 at Volume 7 .
