It has been used to describe country music bands and artists that have incorporated influences ranging from roots rock , bluegrass , rockabilly , honky-tonk , alternative rock , folk rock , and particularly punk .
He was the son of a man named Bondone , described in surviving public records as '' a person of good standing '' .
The Golden Gate Bridge was the longest suspension bridge span in the world when it was completed in 1937 , and has become one of the most internationally recognized symbols of San Francisco , California , and of the United States . Despite its span length being surpassed by eight other bridges since its completion , it still has the second longest suspension bridge main span in the United States , after the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge in New York City .
It most commonly refers to characters in the standardized character sets of Taiwan , of Hong Kong , or in the Kangxi Dictionary .
Barker came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a series of short stories which established him as a leading young horror writer .
The non-Muslim people were nominally '' allowed '' to practice whichever religion they wanted to follow , but were usually socially and financially pressured by poll tax system .
In 2007 , Kane played her first starring role as well as her first theatrical role , in the theatrical motion picture Bratz : The Movie as Meredith Baxter Dimly , the film 's primary antagonist .
The most extreme case was the Australian constitutional crisis of 1975 , in which the operation of conventions was seriously tested .
Kim Wi-Man ( born June 23 , 1979 ) is a former North Korean football player .
March 20 & ndash ; Paul Erich von Lettow-Vorbeck , German general ( d. 1964 )
It is closely derived from the MPEG-2 Advanced Audio Coding ( AAC ) format .
Brian Ernest Orser , OC ( born December 18 , 1961 ) is a Canadian retired competitive and professional figure skater .
MiG-15 '' Fagot '' and '' Midget '' , 1948
Koxinga and his fleet set sail from Kinmen on March 23 , 1661 .
History The station was originally opened on 22 August 1856 as part of the Eastern Counties Railway branch to Loughton .
Mr. Tilney returns to Bath , accompanied by his younger sister , Eleanor Tilney , who is a sweet , elegant and respectable young lady . Catherine also meets their father , the imposing General Tilney .
In most cases legislation must be agreed by the council .
It is the burial place of some of the most illustrious Italians , such as Michelangelo , Galileo , Machiavelli , Foscolo , Gentile and Rossini , thus it is known also as the Temple of the Italian Glories ( Tempio dell ` Itale Glorie ) .
The 1984 Summer Olympics , which were held in Los Angeles , California
Physical custody involves the day-to-day care of a child and establishes where a child will live .
Spacek is known mainly as a dramatic actress , but also has made comedies .
The Silmarillion is a collection of J. R. R. Tolkien 's mythopoeic works , edited and published posthumously by his son Christopher Tolkien in 1977 , with assistance from Guy Gavriel Kay , who later became a noted fantasy writer .
Sound waves traveling through the ear canal will hit the tympanic membrane , or eardrum .
The city is a mix of many nationalities and ethnic groups , including Ukrainians , Russians , Greeks , Jews , Moldovans , Bulgarians , Armenians , Turks , Georgians , Germans , Koreans , and many others .
For less drastic cases , the tag ( ) , the tag ( ) or the tag ( ) ( all of which include an internal wikilink to this page ) can be added directly to the phrase in question ; same as the tag ( ) .
The University of Surrey is just outside Godalming ( in Guildford ) .
Nellie McKay ( born Nell Marie McKay on 13 April 1982There was some debate on McKay 's birth year .
He is married to Patricia , and they have three children : Kate , Ann , and Michael , Jr. .
This was probably the original meaning , though in Canada and other countries , '' Canuck '' refers to a Canadian . ''
Big L biography ( HTML ) Allmusic .
The term '' narcotic '' is believed to have been coined by the Greek physician Galen to refer to agents that numb or deaden , causing loss of feeling or paralysis .
Retrieved August 6 , 2008 .
The Director reports to the Director of National Intelligence ( DNI ) .
Takamoto 's father emigrated from Hiroshima to the United States for his health .
The color of the day is a recognition signal used by undercover officers of major police departments in the USA .
In this film the four adult dalmatians were compressed into two , with Missis being named '' Perdita '' and Prince being omitted totally .
Robinson held the world welterweight title from 1946 to 1951 , and won the world middleweight title in the later year .
The southern Dutch half comprises the Eilandgebied Sint Maarten ( Island Territory of St. Maarten ) and is part of the Netherlands Antilles .
Early life and assignments Dyer was born in Murree , in British India , now in Pakistan .
The first Sejm , or Polish Parliament , convenes at czyca .
The leap was wind assisted and did not count for record purposes , but it was a sign of things to come as he capped an unbeaten year with a historic gold medal performance at the World Championships , in which he broke the world record twice in the same meet .
Two modern and well-known examples of those who have been declared venerable are Popes Pius XII and John Paul II , who were both declared venerable by Pope Benedict XVI in December 2009 .
This template is created to allow easy switching to unicode fonts .
A study by Hey has indicated that of the people migrating across this land bridge during that time period , only 70 left their genetic print in modern descendants , a minute effective founder population -- easily misread as though implying that only 70 people crossed to North America .
Arthur 's success has also lead to the spin-off series , Postcards From Buster .
Lie led the Norwegian delegation to the United Nations conference in San Francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the provisions of the United Nations Security Council .
It has geographical borders with Kohistan District , the Tribal Area of Kala Dhaka ( Black Mountain of Hazara ) , Shangla District and Malakand Division .
Downstream of the dam , Tujunga Wash flows roughly south and is met halfway to its confluence with the Los Angeles River by Pacoima Wash , which drains the other side of the mountains that Little Tujunga Wash drains .
Many people believed or assumed that one or more people deliberately started the fire , for a variety of different reasons .
Sadhus often wear ochre-colored clothing , symbolizing renunciation .
The United States Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) was an agency of the United States government established after World War II by Congress to foster and control the peace time development of atomic science and technology .
Simon Episcopius ( 1583 - 1643 ) was spokesman of the 13 representatives of the Remonstrants who were summoned before the Synod in 1618 .
This responsibility in theory ought to be comprehensive , because all aspects of welfare are considered and universally applied to citizens as a '' right '' .
On August , 30 BC the victor captures Alexandria .
Genus Pentalagus Lyon 1904
Viva la Vida was released to critical acclaim and commercial success .
Alice Cooper is known for his social and witty persona offstage , The Rolling Stone Album Guide going so far as to refer to him as the world 's most '' beloved heavy metal entertainer '' .
Two berths at South Trees have been used by Queensland Alumina Limited .
ISBN 978-987-05-4139-4 Other results report approximately 240,000 speakers , with 200,000 in the Central Valley of Chile and 40,000 in several Argentine provinces , where some 150,000 people use the language regularly .
Emily Donelson ( June 1 , 1807 - December 19 , 1836 ) was the niece of U.S. President Andrew Jackson .
The guitar consists of a body with a rigid neck to which the strings , generally six in number but sometimes more , are attached .
Bradenton ( pronounced ) is a city in Manatee County , Florida , United States .
Cargo activities are undertaken by the Emirates Group 's Emirates SkyCargo division .
Data Summary : Lake Kinneret ( Sea of Galilee ) At 209 metres below sea level , it is the lowest freshwater lake on Earth and the second-lowest lake in the world ( after the Dead Sea , a saltwater lake ) .
Gary Alexander Neville ( born 18 February 1975 ) is an English former footballer .
( x + y ) ^ n & = { n choose 0 } x ^ n y ^ 0 + { n choose 1 } x ^ { n-1 } y ^ 1 + { n choose 2 } x ^ { n-2 } y ^ 2 + { n choose 3 } x ^ { n-3 } y ^ 3 + cdots
Version 2009 ( 16.0 ) The 2009 version was released for sale September 9 , 2008 .
Registered Identification Number , a number issued by the Federal Trade Commission , used on clothing tags and labels
Milk , cheese , leafy green vegetables , liver , kidneys , legumes , tomatoes , yeast , mushrooms , and almonds are good sources of vitamin B2 , but exposure to light destroys riboflavin .
A Call to Return to the Biblical Gospel ( 2005 ) How to Bring Your Children to Christ ... and Keep Them There ( 2005 ) Behind the Scenes : the Way of the Master .
Death David II died unexpectedly and at the height of his power in Edinburgh Castle on 22 February 1371 .
This made the white émigrés a target for infiltration by the Soviet secret police ( e.g. operation TREST and the Inner Line ) .
A shire is a traditional term for a division of land , found in the United Kingdom and in Australia .
It has been the best-selling daily paper in Scotland for many years with a paid circulation of 308,454 Media Guardian - subscription necessary .
The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea on the southeast and the Gulf of Oman on the northeast .
The skeleton , the human skeletal system , is an endoskeleton made up of bones .
In the United States in the 1970s , the media reported on the high-pressure recruitment methods of Unificationists and said that the church separated vulnerable young people from their families through the use of brainwashing or mind control .
He is currently professor at Université Paris-Sud in Orsay and scientific director of a joint laboratory ( ` Unité mixte de recherche ' ) between the Centre national de la recherche scientifique ( National Scientific Research Centre ) and Thales Group .
of the race of Men .
Claudio Sala ( born 8 September 1947 in Macherio , Lombardy ) is an Italian former football player and current commentator .
He served in the latter in the Black Mountain campaign ( 1888 ) , the relief of Chitral ( 1895 ) ( being promoted Captain in 1896 ) and the Mahsud blockade ( 1901 -- 02 ) .
Service and growth out of Los Angeles International Airport , Bob Hope Burbank International Airport and Long Beach International Airport continues to be a focus for the airline .
Although historians generally use Okakura 's dating , many historians of art and architecture prefer Sekino 's dating , and use the term '' '' to refer to the successive period .
In computer programming , event-driven programming or event-based programming is a programming paradigm in which the flow of the program is determined by events -- i.e. , sensor outputs or user actions ( mouse clicks , key presses ) or messages from other programs or threads .
Adak , formerly Adak Station , is a city in the Aleutians West Census Area , Alaska , United States .
The total area is 34.20 km which gives a population density of 788 inhabitants per km .
Organic chemistry is a discipline within chemistry which involves the scientific study of the structure , properties , composition , reactions , and preparation ( by synthesis or by other means ) of chemical compounds that contain carbon .
He caused an international sensation in 1931 with his portrayal of a serial killer who preys on little girls in the German film M. Later he became a popular featured player in Hollywood crime films and mysteries , notably alongside Humphrey Bogart and Sydney Greenstreet , and as the star of the successful Mr. Moto detective series .
The hurricane turned northeastward , again approaching western Cuba , and began to accelerate towards the Florida Panhandle on October 17 .
After the war , de Hevesy returned to find the solution undisturbed and precipitated the gold out of the acid .
Raised in Manhattan , Salinger began writing short stories while in secondary school , and published several stories in the early 1940s before serving in World War II .
Scottsville is a city in and the county seat of Allen County , Kentucky , United States .
URM.edu
Originally , the story had twelve chapters totalling 212 pages .
Further Reading - Other Issues Kaplan , Lawrence S. , ed .
Bislama is a creole language , one of the official languages of Vanuatu .
At the Voyager 2 images Juliet appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .
Caid was especially popular in rural areas , such as the Dingle Peninsula of KerryThesis -- '' Traditional game of Caid '' , Father W. Ferris of Glenflesk , Killarney , Ireland and Eigeeen in west Cork .
In Blood Music reality becomes unstable as the number of observers -- trillions of intelligent single-cell organisms -- spirals higher and higher .
Shah Jahan 's eldest daughter , the devoted Jahanara Begum , gradually brought him out of grief and took the place of Mumtaz at court .
The eye , especially the retina
Fellow automotive customizer Darryl Starbird purchased the vehicle from Roth in 1967 for US$ 750.00 .
On January 1 , 2006 Sint-Martens-Latem had a total population of 8,280 .
A case of a death from exercise-induced VT was the death on a basketball court of Hank Gathers , the Loyola Marymount basketball star , in March 1990 .
The pin-striped suit has become associated with conservative business attire , although many designers now produce fashionable pin-stripe patterns for fashion-conscious consumers .
In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other , neighboring municipalities Agra and Montagnola to form a new and larger municipality Collina d'Oro .
Her favourite brother , Edwin , was killed near Ypres in 1916 .
The illustrations were made by Cornelis Jetses .
The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck is a comic book story by Don Rosa about Scrooge McDuck .
As the World Turns ( often referred to as ATWT ) is an American television soap opera that aired on CBS from April 2 , 1956 to September 17 , 2010 .
The Eurex , a European electronic futures and options exchange based in Zurich , Switzerland with a subsidiary in Frankfurt , Germany , offers options ( ODAX ) and Futures ( FDAX ) on the DAX from 08:00 to 22:00 CET .
Using a set of coordinates , each castaway will cross two ropes .
However in 1982 , he joined the Social Democratic Party which would go on to form the Liberal Democrats , and he unsuccessfully contested seats in the elections of 1983 , 1987 and 1992 until being elected as the MP for the London constituency of Twickenham in the 1997 general election .
Unlike Mandatory territories , which were entrusted to member countries , The Free City of Danzig ( like the Territory of the Saar Basin ) remained under the authority of the League of Nations itself , with representatives of various countries taking on the role of High Commissioner :
It has a mean opposition magnitude of +8.5 , about equal to the mean brightness of Titan , and can reach +7.9 at a near perihelion opposition .
Argenteuil is the second most populous commune in the suburbs of Paris ( after Boulogne-Billancourt ) and the most populous one in the Val-d ` Oise department , although it is not its prefecture , which is shared between the communes of Cergy and Pontoise .
In March 1887 , The Times printed letters purportedly from Parnell claiming sympathy with the murderers and that his public denunciation of them was insincere .
'' Pon de Replay '' was also a major dance hit topping both the Hot Dance Club Play and the Hot Dance Airplay chart for two weeks .
When the first Nobel Peace Prize was awarded in 1901 , the Norwegian Nobel Committee opted to give it jointly to Henry Dunant and Frédéric Passy , a leading international pacifist .
The Games are regulated by Asian Games Federation ( AGF ) since the first Games in New Delhi , India until 1978 Games and commenced by Olympic Council of Asia ( OCA ) since 1982 after the dissolved of Asian Games Federation .
Born in Anaheim , California , Buckley was the only son of Mary Guibert and Tim Buckley .
The primary object is to score by kicking or striking the ball with the hand and getting it through the goals .
Its cause could be the result of inflammation , infection , blockage , or injury of the male reproductive tract or a problem within the urethra , testicles , epididymis and prostate .
The eagle holds a laurel branch in one talon , and three arrows in the other , representing the three major islands : Saint Thomas , Saint John , and Saint Croix .
Donald Dewar died one day later in Edinburgh 's Western General Hospital after never regaining consciousness .
It is probably the fifth most massive asteroid after Ceres , Vesta , Pallas , and Hygiea , with a mass estimated to be 1.2 % of the mass of the entire asteroid belt .
The Province of Prato ( ) is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Mount Kisco is an affluent community that is both a village and a town in Westchester County , New York , United States .
Membership in a clique is typically exclusive , and qualifications for membership may be social or essential to the nature of the clique . The word clique may be used pejoratively .
Scenes from Columbus 's script for the 1985 film Young Sherlock Holmes were also used in auditions .
The Fly ( opera ) , 2008 opera by Howard Shore , based on the 1986 film
The country is separated from Tanzania and Mozambique by Lake Malawi .
It resembles mild smallpox , and was the basis of the first smallpox vaccines .
October 13 & ndash ; King Ferdinand VII of Spain ( d. 1833 )
'' Kelly (/O1998/O) p. ixReview by Tom Riedel ( Regis University ) Aesthetics is a subdiscipline of axiology , a branch of philosophy , and is closely associated with the philosophy of art .
An independent line of Kings was established by Vologases II of Armenia ( Valarses/Vagharshak ) in 180 AD .
Only in October , after most other flowering plants have released their seeds , do its brilliantly hued flowers develop ; they range from a light pastel shade of lilac to a darker and more striated mauve .
North Carolina ( ) is a state located on the Atlantic Seaboard in the Southern United States .
is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Gainare Tottori .
Located in the Central Valley , San José is the seat of national government , the focal point of political and economic activity , and the major transportation hub of this Central American nation .
Browsable Linux ( and other operating system ) kernel source cross-reference .
Liturgical functions Gregorian chant is sung in the Office during the canonical hours and in the liturgy of the Mass. .
After completing high school in 1991 , he attended Georgia Tech in Atlanta , where he played golf for the Yellow Jackets ; he turned professional in 1995 .
The Bushwackers Band , often simply The Bushwackers , is an Australian folk and country music band or Bush band founded at La Trobe University in Melbourne in 1971 .
Born in Hohenems , Klien started his motorsport career in his early teens .
Hsinchu Science and Technology Industrial Park is home to 360 high tech companies including TSMC , Philips , United Microelectronics Corporation , Holtek and AU Optronics .
The relations between the two countries strengthened after Cuba provided humanitarian assistance to the victims of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake .
The series saw Billie Piper receive top billing alongside Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant , both of whom portrayed the Doctor .
Karel Svoboda ( 19 December 1938 & ndash ; 28 January 2007 ) was a Czech composer of popular music .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( Arabic : , Coptic : B - ) ( born 14 November 1922 ) is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations ( UN ) from January 1992 to December 1996 .
Most surprising , however , is the fact that none of this had much influence on the course of operations , or indeed caused Moltke any great concern ... ( p. 96 ) A series of swift Prussian and German victories in eastern France culminated in the Battle of Sedan , at which Napoleon III was captured with his whole army on 2 September .
The Great Barrier Reef can be seen from outer space and is the world 's biggest single structure made by living organisms .
She died in Burhanpur in the Deccan ( now in Madhya Pradesh ) during the birth of their fourteenth child , a daughter named Gauhara Begum .
In England and Wales secondary school is for children from the ages of 11 to 16 or 18 or in some cases 19 .
A turbocharger consists of a turbine and a compressor on a shared shaft .
'' About Lolcats ` n ' Funny Pictures - I Can Has Cheezburger ?
He and wife , Caroll Angell , are the parents of television screenwriter Tom Whedon and the grandparents of Film and TV screenwriter and director Joseph '' Joss '' Whedon and screenwriters Jed Whedon and Zack Whedon .
Tamil is also one of the official languages of Sri Lanka and Singapore .
Noritada Saneyoshi ( born 19 October , 1972 in Minamiuwa District , Ehime ) is a Japanese former professional football player who spent his entire senior career at Gamba Osaka .
Darling '' is a song of The Beatles composed by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and appearing as the fourth song on the Abbey Road album in 1969 .
Los Toros ( D.M. )
Giuseppe Favalli ( born January 8 , 1972 in Orzinuovi , Province of Brescia ) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a defender for Serie A clubs Lazio , Internazionale and Milan .
Recently , Viz has begun re-releasing the series in the form of '' The Best of Pokémon Adventures : Red '' and '' The Best of Pokémon Adventures : Yellow '' , respectively , this time for $ 7.95 each , $ 6 less than nearly a decade ago when the publisher first began to publish the manga .
Use of the word '' project '' evolved slightly to cover both projects and objects .
The matador uses his cape to attract the bull in a series of passes which serve the dual purpose of wearing the animal down for the kill and producing a beautiful display or faena .
In 1972 , Iceland unilaterally declared an Exclusive Economic Zone extending beyond its territorial waters , before announcing plans to reduce overfishing .
The area was greatly opened up by settlers from the 1860s .
Suharto was born in a small village near Yogyakarta , during the Dutch colonial era .
However , in the 2005 film adaptation of the book , it is implied that he is upset that their father was forced to serve in the war and that they are sent away from home as a result .
However , today this theory has little support amongst archaeologists because climate data for the time actually shows that at the time , the climate of the region was getting wetter rather than drier .
Milkweed butterflies are a subfamily , Danainae , in the family Nymphalidae , or brush-footed butterflies .
The group recorded '' La Tracalera '' , a cover version of a song by the original Dinos , and '' Aunque No Salga el Sol '' in 1984 .
The Southern Railway introduced several new items of goods stock , and also purchased two ex-War Department traveling cranes for the line .
Recording sessions for the album took place during October 2006 to April 2007 at Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles .
After World War I , Hitler remained in the army and returned to Munich , where he -- in contrast to his later declarations -- attended the funeral march for the murdered Bavarian prime minister Kurt Eisner .
Gaye 's hits continued throughout 1964 .
It has a nickname Stinker because mature males have a distinctive curry-like odour .
To obtain a fluffy texture , whole eggs or sometimes egg whites only are beaten with a small amount of milk or cream , or even water , the idea being to have '' bubbles '' of water vapor trapped within the rapidly cooked egg .
'' Caldwell , John .
ISBN 978-3-540-40593-1 but in the 1990s , phylogenetic studies showed that many genera classified in Verbenaceae belong instead in Lamiaceae .
On December 14 , 2005 , Nvidia acquired ULI Electronics , which at the time supplied third-party Southbridge parts for chipsets to ATI , Nvidia 's competitor .
It is then called the Chitral River , before flowing south into the upper Kunar Valley in Afghanistan , where it is referred to as the Kunar River .
The planets are very close to the ecliptic while comets and Kuiper belt objects are frequently at significantly greater angles to it .
An Islamic shrine , the Dome of the Rock , has stood on the site of the Temple since the late 7th Century AD , and the al-Aqsa Mosque , from roughly the same period , also stands on the Temple courtyard .
South of the Northern European Lowlands lie the regions of Silesia and Masovia , which are marked by broad ice-age river valleys .
Tea whisks are carved from a single piece of bamboo .
Their use against property is usually covered under arson charges .
The Province of Salerno is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
The album has sold over 6,000,000 copies worldwide , making it Ozzy 's best-selling album to date .
He also made prints for use as playing cards , wallpaper , coats of arms , and designs for other artists , including many designs for stained or painted glass .
The 2007 Formula One season was the 58th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
The Southern Railway ( SR ) gave the designations 6-PUL , 6-CITY and 6-PAN to electric multiple units built to work the routes between London and Brighton , West Worthing and Eastbourne .
The Gazette was not a newspaper in the modern sense : it was sent by post to subscribers , not printed for sale to the general public .
Grand Duke Vytautas of Lithuania is granted increased autonomy by King Jogaila of the Poland -- Lithuania union .
This short story was the first piece of fiction Card ever published .
Louis Francis '' Lou '' Costello ( March 6 , 1906 -- March 3 , 1959 ) was an American actor and comedian best known as half of the comedy team of Abbott and Costello , with Bud Abbott .
This state is updated in essentially two ways : if the state changes independently of the plaintext or ciphertext messages , the cipher is classified as a synchronous stream cipher .
The plan was so broadly based that it pleased both patriots and loyalists .
The center passed approximately 50 m south of Bermuda without significantly affecting the island .
Wynonna Ellen Judd ( born Christina Claire Ciminella ; May 30 , 1964 ) is an American country music singer . Her solo albums and singles are all credited to the singular name Wynonna .
Sebaceous gland carcinoma is a rare and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands ; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands .
The university was first established by a Royal Charter in 1836 , which brought together in federation London University ( now University College London ) and King 's College ( now King 's College London ) , to establish today 's federally-structured University of London .
Millbrook is a suburb and former civil parish of Southampton .
The long and narrow skull was small in proportion to the body .
Satguru or Sadguru ( ) means true guru .
The album was a success , peaking at # 1 on the charts .
Professional wrestling career Bautista tried out at the WCW Power Plant but was told he would never make it in the wrestling business by Sgt. Buddy Lee Parker .
A few months later , he was invited to join the band , which played mostly in Texas and Oklahoma .
Brown , Delmer et al .
Barbara Meier ( born July 25 1986 in Amberg , Germany ) is a German fashion model and winner of the second cycle of Germany 's Next Topmodel .
Goldfish was out as a active member of management , although he still owned stock and was a member of the board of directors .
After two demos the band received a contract with AFM Records in 1995 .
Collections of her photographs were published as One Time , One Place (/O1971/O) and Photographs (/O1989/O) .
The family is endemic to Australia , and comprises 16 species in four genera .
They divorced in 2001 .
The singer would later tell Alternative Press that there was also a genuine concern for his safety : '' one reason I did n't leave was , I genuinely believed that there was a realistic possibility that I could be shot Mark David Chapman-style '' .
Each individual sheet of paper is folded into a module , or unit , and then modules are assembled into an integrated flat shape or three-dimensional structure by inserting flaps into pockets created by the folding process .
The program is based on investigating purported paranormal activity .
Tank currently signed to HIM International Music , which also manages famous singers and groups like S.H.E , Fahrenheit , and Power Station .
He finally got the chance to record as a leader in 1946 , with an occasional group called the Miles Davis Sextet plus Earl Coleman and Ann Hathaway- one of the rare occasions when Davis , by then a member of the groundbreaking Charlie Parker Quintet , can be heard accompanying singers .
He was called a liar for refusing to say he copied the story .
This energy aloft help to organize a surface low along the shear line early on August 2 , which slowly organized over the following day .
Rama I succeeds King Taksin of Siam , who was overthrown in an coup d'etat ; moves capital to Bangkok .
The featured match on the ECW brand was between Bobby Lashley and Test for the ECW World Championship , which Lashley won after Test was counted out .
They take over air traffic control systems , cutting off communication to the planes , and seize control of the airport , stating that they want to rescue Ramon Esperanza ( Franco Nero ) , a drug lord and dictator of a fictional South American country named Val Verde , who is flying in for a trial .
Montcavrel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Waushara County sheriff Art Schley allegedly physically assaulted Gein during questioning by banging Gein 's head and face into a brick wall , causing Gein 's initial confession to be ruled inadmissible . Schley died of a heart attack in December 1968 , at age 43 , only a month after testifying at Gein 's trial .
Tolan ( 2002 ) xv , xvi , 41 In the medieval period , a few Arab philosophers like the poet Al-Ma ` arri adopted a critical approach to Islam , and the Jewish philosopher Maimonides contrasted Islamic views of morality to Jewish views that he himself elaborated .
He was the first principal conductor of the Concertgebouw Orchestra of Amsterdam , holding that position from 1888 to 1895 .
A number of former Kress stores , now put to other uses , are ranked as landmarks .
'' Wistert , for the Wolves , allowed only five well-scattered hits during the game .
His greatest strategic achievement was his swift conquest of the Persian Empire and conquest of Roman Syria all within just three years from 633 to 636 .
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates , flowers , and dies in a year or season .
On 6 July 2005 , the final selection was announced at the Raffles City Convention Centre in Singapore , where the 117th IOC Session was held .
There are several lines crossing it , notably the half way line , the goal line\/try line ( on which the goal posts are located ) , the '' twenty two '' , which is 22m from the goal , and the dead ball line , which can be anywhere between 10m and 22m behind the goal line .
Meher Baba said that Babajan was one of the five Perfect Masters of her time .
The district is named after Mir Jafar Khan Jamali , a Muslim League veteran from Balochistan and a close friend of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah .
Berners-Lee is the director of the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , which oversees the Web 's continued development .
It became the second single to be released from the album Standing on the Shoulder of Giants , peaking at number 4 in the UK charts .
In total Kremers scored 50 goals in 273 Bundesliga appearances .
An unsafe abortion is the termination of an unintended pregnancy by persons lacking the necessary skills , or in an environment lacking the minimal medical standards , or both .
It is located in the Port Louis District .
Rabbi Yitchaki Alfassi finishes writing the Rif , an important work of Jewish law .
His first marriage was to Florence Kaye , and they had a son , Kit Lambert ( born in 1935 ) .
Stratovarius is a Finnish power metal band that formed in 1984 .
As late as 1880 , soldiers patrolled lands on the outskirts of Cuiaba , Mato Grosso 's capital and largest city , to protect settlers from Bororo raids .
Ketosis helps the body prevent using protein , from muscles , for gluconeogenesis to produce glucose .
The second is for persons who pay to be transported in common carriers , including commercial vehicles and vessels such as buses , trains , airplanes , and ships .
With the increased costs of good kits moving upward , and entertainment competition for youth moving more towards computers and video gaming in the home , the average age of the avid hobbyist is now much older than ever before - with adults making up the vast majority of enthusiasts .
Olbia-Tempio is the name of a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia , Italy .
The video featured many image changes for Younha .
North Holland is a broad peninsula between the North Sea and the IJsselmeer .
De Soto died in 1542 on the banks of the Mississippi River in Arkansas or Louisiana .
The flesh is juicy and is divided into a clear jelly-like seed pulp and a firmer , slightly gritty , opaque flesh nearer the skin .
When two bubbles merge , the same physical principles apply , and the bubbles will adopt the shape with the smallest possible surface area .
It is most famously sung by the Irish bard Christy Moore .
Scottish Folds can be either long - or short-haired , and they may have nearly any coat color or combination of colors ( including white ) except pointed colors : for example : cream , bi-color , et al .
Earthquakes are measured with a seismometer ; a device which also records is known as a seismograph .
In 2000 , Joel Whitburn , a Billboard Magazine pop music researcher , named her the most successful female songwriter of 1955-99 , because she wrote or co-wrote 118 pop hits on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Fructose , or fruit sugar , is a simple monosaccharide found in many foods .
The Titan-approach trajectory caused an additional gravitational deflection that took Voyager 1 out of the plane of the ecliptic , thus ending its planetary science mission .
After the Meiji Restoration , the former provinces of Ise , Shima , and Iga as well as a portion of eastern Kii , were organized and reorganized repeatedly .
The X.Org Server is the reference implementation of X , and is commonly used on Linux and UNIX ; it is the fundamental technology underlying both the modern GNOME and KDE desktops and older CDE desktop environment ; applications written for any of these environments can be run simultaneously .
The collective noun for kangaroos is a mob , troop , or court .
Phoenix , located in Maricopa County , is the largest city in Arizona and also the state capital .
If an issue is run through some process and the resulting decision is unanimous , then it might have been a candidate for the snowball clause .
Clark Evans of Florida State University reported that forecasting tools showed that the system 's structure was consistent with that of a sub tropical or marginally tropical cyclone .
Pink Floyd watched The Beatles recording '' Lovely Rita '' .
SOCKS ( protocol ) , an Internet protocol that allows client-server applications to transparently use the services of a network firewall
The Belcea Quartet is a string quartet , formed in 1994 , under the leadership of violinist Corina Belcea .
The fights for the town and its environs lasted for several days and took the lives of almost 5,000 Soviet soldiers .
With a standard width of , duct tape was originally developed during World War II in 1942 as a water resistant sealing tape for ammunition cases .
In patients at high risk of ventricular fibrillation , the use of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator has been shown to be beneficial .
The Jewish-Roman wars were a series of revolts by the Jews of Iudaea Province against the Roman Empire .
Colonel Sir Arthur Edwin Young , KBE , CMG , CVO , KPM ( 15 February 1907 - 20 January 1979 ) was a British police officer .
It is the third largest district in Jammu and Kashmir after Leh and Kargil .
Herbert '' Herb '' Alpert ( born March 31 , 1935 ) is an American musician most associated with the group variously known as Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass , Herb Alpert 's Tijuana Brass or TJB .
Overview Fall season is performed in 12 teams , and higher eight teams go into Meister playoff .
Hermann Carl Vogel ( April 3 , 1841 & ndash ; August 13 , 1907 ) was a German astronomer .
Standard sizes are determined by various wire gauges . The term wire is also used more loosely to refer to a bundle of such strands , as in ` multistranded wire ' , which is more correctly termed a wire rope in mechanics , or a cable in electricity .
Most notably , he purchased the entire Buffalo Bisons franchise that August , to secure the services of its stars : Dan Brouthers , Jack Rowe , Hardy Richardson , and Deacon White , the so-called '' Big Four '' .
In 1865 he succeeded to the baronetcy .
Furthermore , sheet wrought iron can not bend as much as steel sheet metal ( when cold worked ) . Wrought iron can be cast , however there is no engineering advantage as compared to cast iron ; cast iron is much easier to produce and thus cheaper , so it is exclusively chosen over wrought iron .
Workington Town RLFC was formed at a meeting held in the Royal Oak Hotel , Workington in December 1944 . Many of Workington Town 's board came from local soccer team Workington AFC 's board and the team would ground share with '' the Reds '' at Borough Park .
He is referred to by fans and fellow performers alike as the of the anison , or anime music genre .
Courcival is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Darwin 's book did not address the question of human evolution , saying only that '' Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
Another notable moment in this season was a challenge that tested players ' endurance against temptation .
The name ` Araluen ' is reputed to mean ` water lily ' or ` place of the water lilies ' in the local aboriginal dialect .
Virginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along its oceanfront .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on July 11 , 1991 .
It is a relatively quiet location , and borders with Cambuslang , Blairbeth , Fernhill and Eastfield .
Cities that have nationally well connected domestic airports are Agra , Kanpur , Lucknow and Varanasi .
The album combines the band 's first two EPs : Screaming Life (/O1987/O) and Fopp (/O1988/O) .
The lateral relative movement of the plates varies , though it is typically 0 - 100 mm annually .
Surveying or land surveying is the technique and science of accurately determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them .
Railways : Almost all the major as well as smaller cities of the state are linked through railways .
This differs from a multicore CPU that concurrently processes instructions from multiple threads , one thread per core .
Roman numerals are numeral system of ancient Rome based on the letters of the alphabet , which are combined to signify the sum ( or in some cases , the difference ) of their values .
Often people use soaps and detergents to assist in the emulsification of oils and dirt particles so they can be washed away .
Avon Water , a river in Scotland
Serenity won film of the year awards from Film 2005 and FilmFocus .
Reliant Stadium is a multiple-use stadium in Houston , Texas .
Part of the AFI 100 Years ... series , AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Stars is a list of the top 50 stars of American cinema .
Wikipedia is not a dictionary or a slang , jargon or usage guide .
The game has three modes : one and two-duck variations on the above formula , and a third mode called '' clay pigeon shooting '' .
Life and career Goldmark came from a large Jewish family , one of 20 children .
'' WP : P '' redirects here .
In 1033 , there was another earthquake , severely damaging the mosque .
Magden is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The single received mixed reviews from critics , however it became the third number-one from the album in the United Kingdom , and peaked at four in the United States .
Audacity is a digital audio editor and recording application .
This union was confirmed in 1731 by Louis XV with the Second Edict of Union .
Columbia University .
Edward Earl '' Eddie '' Hazel ( April 10 , 1950 - December 23 , 1992 ) was a guitarist in early funk music in the United States who played lead guitar with Parliament-Funkadelic .
Popol Vuh was a German Krautrock band founded by pianist and keyboardist Florian Fricke in 1970 together with Thomas Farren ( vocals ) Holger Trulzsch ( percussion ) John Leighton ( vocals ) and Frank Fiedler ( electronics ) .
The politics of the force were intermingled with Jihad , the religious war or holy war of Muhammad 1400 years earlier .
He described the season as mean-spirited and marred with hostility and ugliness , even calling Brian , Clay , Helen , and Jan '' the least likable final four ever . ''
This broad definition of jet engines includes turbojets , turbofans , rockets , ramjets , pulse jets and pump-jets .
Asia is traditionally defined as part of the landmass of Eurasia -- with the western portion of the latter occupied by Europe -- located to the east of the Suez Canal , east of the Ural Mountains and south of the Caucasus Mountains ( or the Kuma-Manych Depression ) '' Asia '' .
In a multiprocessor system executing a single set of instructions ( SIMD ) , data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different pieces of distributed data .
Despite Monroe and Olivier clashing , Olivier later commented that in the film '' Marilyn was quite wonderful , the best of all . ''
Imola , as it is colloquially known , is one of the few major international circuits to run in an anti-clockwise direction .
The city of Lund , Sweden ( then Denmark ) is founded .
Its county seat is Mauston .
Mark Viduka ( born 9 October 1975 ) is an Australian association football center forward of Croatian descent .
It started in 2000 and the founding principal was Ong Kian Choon .
Note : only one of the image fields should be used .
Corpus ( Latin plural corpora , English plural corpuses or corpora ) is Latin for body .
The building once featured a creche inside the main dome for a number of years , Google Books : Simone Egger , David McClymont ( 2004 ) Melbourne Lonely Planet with an open-air playground on an adjoining roof .
The approximate population of Santiago is about 1,936,721 inhabitants .
It has its headquarters in Ketchikan , Alaska .
There are two types of radar jamming : Mechanical and Electronic jamming .
Charmed is an American television series that originally aired from October 7 , 1998 , until May 21 , 2006 , on The WB Television Network .
At the start of the Permian , the Earth was still at the grip of an Ice Age from the Carboniferous .
Bernard Comrie , The Languages of the Soviet Union , page 31 , the Press Syndicate of the University of Cambridge , 1981 .
They use a quasi-telekinetic power , known as the Force , and weapons , known as lightsabers , which emit a controlled energy flow in the shape of a sword , to serve and protect their Republic and the whole galaxy from conflict or government instability .
White matter is one of the two components of the central nervous system and consists mostly of myelinated axons .
The total impedance is given by the sum of the inductive and capacitive impedances :
After attracting national attention , Antin eventually negotiated a record deal with Interscope Records in 2003 turning the group into a music franchise , comprising Nicole Scherzinger alongside Carmit Bachar , Melody Thornton , Jessica Sutta , Ashley Roberts and Kimberly Wyatt .
Although Evangelista Torricelli is universally credited with inventing the barometer in 1643 , historical documentation also suggests Gasparo Berti , an Italian mathematician and astronomer , unintentionally built a water barometer sometime between 1640 and 1643 .
The mandibles are a pair of hard , often tooth-like structures that move horizontally to grasp , crush , or cut food or enemies ( see defense , below ) .
Noon , Patrick , et al. , Crossing the Channel : British and French Painting in the Age of Romanticism , p. 58 , Tate Publishing , 2003 .
Clive Barker had said , '' I want to be remembered as an imaginer , someone who used his imagination as a way to journey beyond the limits of self , beyond the limits of flesh and blood , beyond the limits of even perhaps life itself , in order to discover some sense of order in what appears to be a disordered universe .
An agar plate is a sterile Petri dish that contains a growth medium ( typically agar plus nutrients ) used to culture microorganisms or small plants like the moss Physcomitrella patens .
; Before changing links , read the discussion here ; these are all top-importance Christianity articles .
When , the same year , she entered the tournament in Carlsbad , Viennese master Albert Becker ridiculed her entry by proposing that any player whom Menchik defeated in tournament play should be granted membership into the Vera Menchik Club .
The band has had 16 top ten singles on the Billboard rock charts , eight of which peaked at # 1 , and one # 1 album for Purple in 1994 .
In the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the Dukes of Masovia , becoming the capital of Masovia in 1413 .
The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Jude 's art and his relationship with Lucy both start to falter .
A music festival is a festival oriented towards music that is sometimes presented with a theme such as musical genre , nationality or locality of musicians , or holiday .
Completing the path earned the contestant\/pair $ 500 , with two games needed to win the match and advance to the bonus round .
Boy ( Canadian band ) , a Canadian indie pop group
George Fitzgerald Smoot III ( born February 20 , 1945 ) is an American astrophysicist , cosmologist , Nobel laureate , and $ 1 million TV quiz show prize winner .
Early on December 9 , officials at the Tropical Prediction Center began classifying the system using the Hebert-Poteat technique , and several tropical cyclone forecast models anticipated its development of tropical characteristics .
It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it .
A network bridge connects multiple network segments at the data link layer ( Layer 2 ) of the OSI model , and the term Layer 2 switch is very often used interchangeably with bridge .
Instruction caches make this phenomenon even worse .
He took low-paying jobs as an office assistant in a publishing company and as editor of a failing magazine , Temple Bar Magazine , while writing and becoming a member of the literary scene of London .
An affiliate of the Institute for the Study of Genocide , the International Association of Genocide Scholars was founded in 1994 by Israel Charny , Encyclopedia of Genocide and Crimes Against Humanity - Page 277 by Dinah Shelton Helen Fein , Robert Melson and Roger Smith .
There is no explanation for the particular values that physical constants appear to have throughout our universe , such as Planck 's constant h or the gravitational constant G. Several conservation laws have been identified , such as the conservation of charge , momentum , angular momentum and energy ; in many cases , these conservation laws can be related to symmetries or mathematical identities .
The Spanish destroyed many Inca buildings , temples and palaces .
Held from 17 June to 19 June 1944 , this celebration was referred to as '' The Jubilee Celebrations of IOC '' by Carl Diem , the originator of the modern tradition of the Olympic torch relay .
A month after the album was released in the United States via record label Nettwerk , '' Yellow '' was used as the theme song for ABC autumn television promotions .
Gregory James LeMond ( born June 26 , 1961 ) is a former professional road bicycle racer from the United States and a three-time winner of the Tour de France .
In '' Bato of the Water Tribe '' , Aang thinks Katara and Sokka might leave to visit their father .
Non-members may also receive and use free items given out at parties that are held monthly for all players .
After two weeks , he left for the cooler climate of London , where he stayed with the distinguished surgeon Astley Cooper and the oculist William Adams .
He plays for Premier League club Birmingham City .
Between 1952 and 2000 , no trams ran at all in London .
Some of the most beautiful and famous traceried windows of Europe employ this type of tracery .
Norman Graham Hill ( 15 February 1929 -- 29 November 1975 ) was a British racing driver and two-time Formula One World Champion .
Peyton Williams Manning ( born March 24 , 1976 ) is an American football quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
After a roll-up attempt by both Stratus and Hemme , Stratus hit Hemme with a Chick kick and followed it with the decisive pin , thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Women 's Championship .
April Fools ' Day or All Fools ' Day is a day celebrated in many countries on April 1 .
Kristina Kerscher Keneally ( born 19 December 1968 ) is an Australian politician and was the 42nd Premier of New South Wales .
The teachings of the Mennonites were founded on their belief in both the mission and ministry of Jesus Christ , which they held to with great conviction despite persecution by the various Roman Catholic and Protestant states .
Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Banda Sahib Khan , Lari and LangraLangra Union Council .
Shawnee is a city in Pottawatomie County , Oklahoma , United States .
Special collective nouns may be used for particular taxa ( for example a flock of geese , if not in flight , is sometimes called a gaggle ) but for theoretical discussions of behavioural ecology , the generic term herd can be used for all such kinds of assemblage .
)
Electric Gardens ; BBC Kent ; [ 2007,07,30 ] ; retrieved on [ 2007-12-22 ] An Electric Weekend ; BBC Kent ; [ 2007,08,08 ] ; retrieved on [ 2007-12-22 ] The first occurrence of the festival was in 2006 Kirky , Tom ; Kent 's Electric Weekend ; retrieved on [ 2007-12-23 ] , and so far the festival has since been held in 2007 as well .
Henrique Arlindo Etges ( born 15 March 1966 ) is a former Brazilian footballer .
The Boohbahs do not speak , but instead make noises like squeaks , oohbahs can retract their heads into their furry necks .
Huey Pierce Long , Jr. ( August 30 , 1893 - September 10 , 1935 ) , nicknamed The Kingfish , served as the 40th Governor of Louisiana from 1928 - 1932 and as a U.S. Senator from 1932 to 1935 .
In 1870 , based on a bequest from Edwin A. Stevens , Stevens Institute of Technology was founded at Castle Point , site of the Stevens family 's former estate .
Two mirror images of a chiral molecule are called enantiomers or optical isomers .
Henri Constant Gabriel Pierné ( 16 August 186317 July 1937 ) was a French composer , conductor , and organist .
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
-- November 16 , 1831 ) was a Prussian soldier and German military theorist who stressed the moral and political aspects of war .
Golden Balls is also an informal nickname for English footballer David Beckham and an alternative name for the movie Huevos de oro .
Avoise is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
The territory of Saint Helena consists of both the island of Saint Helena , and also the dependencies of Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha .
is a punctuation mark usually used after an interjection or exclamation to indicate strong feelings or high volume , and often marks the end of a sentence .
jpg Diagram of the Earth 's seasons as seen from the north .
Mining Other than agriculture and tourism , the main economic activity in this vast and sparsely settled area is mining .
London Bridge is one of two rail termini in London to the south of the River Thames , the other being Waterloo .
Gunther , Albert 1975 .
Sufjan Stevens ( , born July 1 , 1975 ) is an American singer-songwriter and musician born in Detroit , Michigan .
Castellini and Somero , 1981 whereas a Northern Bottlenose Whale has .
This fact , together with Lagrange 's theorem on the possible sizes of subgroups of a group , provides a proof for Euler 's theorem that for all a coprime to n . The totient function also plays a key role in the definition of the RSA encryption system .
History The district was established by merging the former districts of Merseburg-Querfurt and Saalkreis as part of the reform of 2007 .
Capecchi came to MIT as a graduate student intending to study physics and mathematics , but during the course of his studies , he became interested in molecular biology .
Feldspars ( KAlSi3O8 - NaAlSi3O8 - CaAl2Si2O8 ) are a group of rock-forming tectosilicate minerals which make up as much as 60 % of the Earth 's crust .
In 794 , according to the Annals of Ulster , there was a serious attack on Lindisfarne 's mother-house of Iona , which was followed in 795 by raids upon the northern coast of Ireland .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes , often simply Ritterkreuz ) recognized extreme battlefield bravery or successful leadership .
'' Home on the Range '' is the state song of Kansas .
He also taught at Harvard University and served as president of Harvard .
The city also has a substantial petrochemical industry .
The G sharp minor prelude and fugue from the same set end with a Picardy third in G sharp major .
In a home , most food preparation takes place in a kitchen .
It orbits Jupiter at a radius of about 129,000 km ( 1.806 Jupiter radii ) at the exterior edge of the planet 's Main Ring .
His relationship with Paul Hindemith suffered when Hindemith chose Gregor Piatigorsky to premiere his Cello Concerto Feuermann died in 1942 of an infection resulting from a minor operation for haemorrhoids .
Persian blue ( not to be confused with prussian blue ) comes in three major tones : Persian blue proper -- a bright medium blue ; medium Persian blue ( a medium slightly grayish blue that is slightly indigoish ) ; and a kind of dark blue that is much closer to the web color indigo ; this darker shade of Persian blue is referred to as Persian indigo , dark Persian blue .
The Farsala Trilogy is a series of three fantasy novels , written by Hilari Bell .
'' Can I Sit Next to You Girl '' was written by Young & Young , and '' School Days '' is a cover version of a Chuck Berry song .
The group is composed of Tablo , Mithra Jin and DJ Tukutz .
Pavarotti returned to the festival in 1978 with a recital and as the Italian singer in Der Rosenkavalier , in 1983 with Idomeneo , and both in 1985 and 1988 with solo recitals .
The powder contains powdered gelatin and flavorings including sugar or artificial sweeteners .
Hiweed Chinese Linux distribution , based on Ubuntu .
Reception Critical reception Reviews have been mostly positive ; for instance , with 24 reviews , the album has received a 75 % on Metacritic .
On the other side of the debate , those in favor of animal testing held that experiments on animals were necessary to advance medical and biological knowledge .
Hume was the better bushman of the two , and more of a natural leader , but Hovell was a well-educated man of amiable character , and during their joint expedition they seem to have worked effectively together .
Rush is a Canadian rock band formed in August 1968 , in the Willowdale neighborhood of Toronto , Ontario , composed of bassist , keyboardist , and lead vocalist Geddy Lee , guitarist Alex Lifeson , and drummer and lyricist Neil Peart .
The organizers tried but ultimately failed to arrest Yeltsin , who rallied mass opposition to the coup .
Liston lost his title when he shockingly quit in his corner before the start of the seventh round , claiming he had hurt his shoulder .
She is said to be the wife of Odin , and is the '' foremost among the goddesses '' and the queen of Asgard .
At ten years of age , Bart is the eldest child and only son of Homer and Marge , and the brother of Lisa and Maggie .
Although technically considered '' unorganized '' in that the U.S. Congress has not passed an Organic Act for the territory , American Samoa is self-governing under a constitution that became effective on July 1 , 1967 .
Glenwood is a city in Mills County , Iowa , United States .
Edguy is a metal band from Fulda , Germany that was formed in 1992 .
In Northern Ireland , they are associated with celebrations on the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne , which took place on 12 July 1690 .
The city lies 14 km from the Tyrrhenian Sea , in the Maremma , at the center of an alluvial plain , on the Ombrone river .
On December 5 , the Armenian Revolutionary Committee ( Revkom , made up of mostly Armenians from Azerbaijan ) also entered the city .
In Hong Kong , some apartments such as Vision CityFloor plan remarks of Vision City and The ArchFloor plan of The Arch skipped all the floors from 40 to 49 .
The Braille system is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write .
Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm that organized in the Gulf of Mexico .
Most commercially produced chicken eggs intended for human consumption are unfertilized , since the laying hens are kept without roosters .
Yellow leaves towards the bottom of the plant are an indication that the plant has been stressed ; usually this means that it needs less water , or less or more fertilizer .
Water Valley is a city in Graves County , Kentucky , United States .
They are all multiple unit trains .
After the shouting , he rings the bell again and waves the Flag of Mexico to the applause of the crowd , and is followed by the playing and mass singing of the Himno Nacional Mexicano , the national anthem .
Joseph Chamberlain had had another son , Austen Chamberlain , by his first marriage .
Josephus describes the Roman people being as if they were '' born ready armed .
Brighton , New Zealand , Otago region
In the mid-1980s , Johnny Cash , Kris Kristofferson , Nelson and Jennings formed a successful group called The Highwaymen .
Cheese consists of proteins and fat from milk , usually the milk of cows , buffalo , goats , or sheep .
The Voyager 2 probe was launched on August 20 , 1977 , by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration from Space Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral , Florida , aboard a Titan IIIE\/Centaur launch vehicle . Two weeks later , the twin Voyager 1 probe would be launched on September 5 , 1977 .
SeaMonkey is a free and open source cross-platform Internet suite .
Some lyrics are abstract , almost unintelligible , and , in such cases , their explication emphasizes form , articulation , meter , and symmetry of expression .
Bots that are in this list should also appear in List of users with a bot flag .
Dennis was promoted to this role in September 2005 following the resignation of Hubert Guyot , who left to head a Transdev company in Genoa , Italy .
Simon and Garfunkel reunited for a free concert in New York City 's Central Park on September 19 , 1981 .
Damping factor a.k.a. viscous damping coefficient ( Physical Engineering ) ( units of newton-seconds per meter ) - relates a damping force with the velocity of the object whose motion is being dampened .
is a Japanese football player .
Dubai was known for its pearl exports until the 1930s .
January 31 -- Pope Sylvester I succeeds Pope Miltiades as the 33rd pope .
At the Chi-Town Rumble event , Long ran in and counted three , making Ricky Steamboat the NWA World Champion .
In 2003 he created Puscifer as a side project , financing and releasing its first studio album in October 2007 .
Popes with the shortest reigns This is a list of the 11 shortest-reigning popes .
He was educated at the European School in Brussels , Westminster Hall debates the independent Ashdown House School in the village of Forest Row in East Sussex , and then at Eton College , where he was a King 's Scholar .
Frédéric Leclercq ( born June 23 , 1978 in France ) is the bassist for power metal band DragonForce and the frontman in his own band , Maladaptive , where he sings and plays guitar .
Exceptions include the basketball arena at Duke University , which is called Cameron Indoor Stadium and the now-demolished Chicago Stadium , former home of the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL and Chicago Bulls of the NBA .
He finished third in the Drivers ' Championship with 231 points , 59 points behind the champion Earl Bamber .
Mega Man 8 , known as Rockman 8 : Metal Heroes in Japan , is a video game released by Capcom .
The Marvel Universe is the shared fictional universe where most comic book titles published by Marvel Comics take place , including those featuring Marvel 's most familiar characters , such as Spider-Man , the Hulk , the X-Men , and Captain America .
In the United States In United States Loie Fuller , Isadora Duncan , Ruth St. Denis , Doris Humphrey and Martha Graham developed their own styles of dance and laid the foundations of American modern dance with their choreography and teaching .
Topping the cockpit was a custom-made , hydraulically operated plexiglass bubble top .
For many years Carthy has enjoyed a creative partnership with fiddle player Dave Swarbrick and , more recently , Waterson : Carthy has provided the forum for a successful musical partnership with wife Norma Waterson together with their daughter Eliza Carthy .
In mathematics Forty-six is a Wedderburn-Etherington number , an enneagonal number and a centered triangular number .
La Plume de Ma Tante -- Written , devised , and directed by Robert Dhery , music by Gérard Calvi , English lyrics by Ross Parker .
He rebuilt Kronborg castle in Elsinore between 1574 and 1585 .
The city is also a major Eastern Caribbean industrial center , its main exports being bass , electronics , beverages , apparel , and salt .
The Parliament of Great Britain would later become the Parliament of the United Kingdom in 1801 when the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland was formed through the Act of Union 1800 .
Peleshyan is also the author of a range of theoretical works , such as his 1988 book Moyo kino ( My Cinema ) .
It was through Rostal that they met cellist Martin Lovett , and in 1947 they formed the Brainin Quartet , which was renamed the Amadeus Quartet in 1948 .
Nobel prize In 2005 , Schrock received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , along with Robert H. Grubbs and Yves Chauvin , for his work in the area of olefin metathesis , an organic synthesis technique .
In 490 BC , Aeschylus and his brother Cynegeirus fought to defend Athens against Darius 's invading Persian army at the Battle of Marathon .
The line , under the running group ( Epping Ongar Railway Volunteer Society ) , reopened on Sunday 10 October 2004 , providing an hourly service between Ongar and North Weald .
He published two more freestanding novels , O , How The Wheel Becomes It !
Seboncourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The label 's first # 1 record was Wish by The Cure in 1992 , going # 1 in the United Kingdom .
They are found on every continent except Antarctica , in every habitat on the planet that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants .
The group is the only act in UK history to have their first seven singles go straight to Number 1 , and they have gone on to sell over 44 million records worldwide which includes their studio , single , video , and compilation albums .
Mickie Laree James ( born August 31 , 1979 ) is an American professional wrestler signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) appearing on its Raw brand as the current WWE Divas Champion .
Piccinni was born in Bari , and educated under Leonardo Leo and Francesco Durante , at the S. Onofrio Conservatory . For this , he had to thank the intervention of the Bishop of Bari , since his father , although himself a musician , was opposed to his son 's following the same career .
La Chapelle-Engerbold is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
He is currently in the band Coconut Records ; formerly , he was the drummer of the rock band Phantom Planet .
In 2007 , he appeared in the direct-to-video film Walking Tall : The Payback which is a sequel to the 2004 film Walking Tall .
The ampere ( symbol : A ) is the SI unit of electric current .
'' Love Story '' is a country pop song performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift .
Tramway track is used on tramways or light rail operations .
Due to their military weakness , taifa princes appealed for North African warriors to come fight Christian kings on two occasions .
The section of the M6 which runs over Shap Fell in Cumbria is above sea level , one of the highest points on any motorway in the UK ( junction 22 of the M62 on Saddleworth Moor is higher ) .
Cyclone Nargis ( JTWC designation : 01B , also known as Very Severe Cyclonic Storm Nargis ) , was a strong tropical cyclone that caused the worst natural disaster in the recorded history of Burma ( officially known as Myanmar ) .
The different dimensions , or plot axes , of a niche represent different biotic and abiotic variables .
The genus once contained nearly 600 species in Eurasia and North America , but after morphologic and molecular research on the genus during the 1990s , it was decided that the North American species are better treated in a series of other related genera .
Survivor : Panama - Exile Island ( Survivor : Exile Island or Survivor : Panama for short ) is the twelfth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
The city was chartered in 908 and ruled by a prince-bishop until secularization in 1802 , and became a part of Bavaria in 1806 .
Joan Rivers ( born Joan Alexandra Molinsky ; June 8 , 1933 ) is an American comedian , actress , talk show host and businesswoman .
'' Business . ''
Some jurisdictions require that the association register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .
The numbers were originally assigned in order of increasing right ascension within each constellation , but due to the effects of precession they are now slightly out of order in some places .
Yao Ming ( ; born September 12 , 1980 in Shanghai , China ) is a professional basketball player who plays for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Its dialects make up the Italiano Meridionale-estremo language group , which are spoken on the island of Sicily and its satellite islands ; in southern and central Calabria ( where it is called Southern Calabro ) ; in the southern parts of Apulia , the Salento ( where it is known as Salentino ) ; and Campania , on the Italian mainland , where it is called Cilentano ( Gordon , 2005 ) .
at the Disco .
He is also famous for voicing Riku in the Kingdom Hearts video game series .
It is not obvious to the driver that he or she was asleep during those missing seconds , although this is in fact what happened .
When a Debian Developer first uploads a package for inclusion in Debian , the ftpmaster team checks the software licenses and determines whether they are in accordance with the social contract .
Boiry-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Byron is located in Byron Township .
Princess Elizabeth of England , daughter of Charles I and Henrietta Maria , is buried at St. Thomas 's Church
Sawmill process A sawmill 's basic operation is much like those of 100 years ago ; a log enters on one end and dimensional lumber exits on the other end .
The Federal Ministry for Food , Agriculture and Consumer Protection ( - BMELV ) is a ministry in Germany .
Medium Persian Blue ( Hex : # 0067A5 ) ( RGB : 0 , 103 , 165 )
The solubility is the maximal amount of compound that is soluble in a certain volume of solvent at a specified temperature .
The British Isles are a group of islands off the northwest coast of continental Europe that includes Great Britain , Ireland and over six thousand smaller islands .
Bennington became known as a vocalist with Linkin Park 's debut album , Hybrid Theory , in 2000 , which was a massive commercial success .
The Earth has probably always had some form of basaltic crust , but the age of the oldest oceanic crust today is only about 200 million years .
Unalakleet has an Alaska State Troopers station .
However , Pretoria 's political reputation was changed with the inauguration of Nelson Mandela as the country 's first non-apartheid President at the Union Buildings close to Pretoria CBD .
This is a common tool used by molecular biologists to stably introduce a foreign gene into a host cell 's genome .
He has been nominated for three BAFTA ( British Academy of Film and Television Arts ) Awards , won two Academy Awards , and two Golden Globe Awards .
Vestavia Hills is a city in Jefferson and Shelby Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Bel and the Dragon is included as Daniel 14 .
Time Flies ... 1994 -- 2009 is a compilation album released by English rock band Oasis .
Shota Matsuhashi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Roasso Kumamoto .
A recent collision of a comet with a planet occurred in July 1994 when Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 broke up into pieces and collided with Jupiter .
The Pro Football Hall of Fame is the hall of fame of professional football in the United States with an emphasis on the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Martin Marcantonio Luciano Scorsese ( born November 17 , 1942 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer , actor , and film historian .
It is one of the Line Islands belonging to the Republic of Kiribati .
The town 's population was 1,997 in 2001 and 2,064 in 1996 .
An avid reader , she also spent a lot of time exploring around her family 's 65 a farm .
Wesleyan University is a private liberal arts college founded in 1831 and located in Middletown , Connecticut .
Saladin abolishes the Fatimid caliphate , restoring Sunni rule in Egypt .
These teeth probably do not belong to Dromaeosaurus , although it is unclear from what animal they do come .
As a result , VLIW CPUs offer significant computational power with less hardware complexity ( but greater compiler complexity ) than is associated with most superscalar CPUs .
Once common on the east coast , Emu are now uncommon ; by contrast , the development of agriculture and the provision of water for stock in the interior of the continent have increased the range of the Emu in arid regions .
The words were set to music by Albert Von Tilzer , ( Norworth and Von Tilzer finally saw their first Major League Baseball games 32 and 20 years later , respectively ) .
Ned Kelly is a 1970 film .
There are six metropolitan counties , which each cover large urban areas , typically with populations of 1.2 to 2.8 million .
He was the first to give a biological definition of the term species .
The advertisement ends with the slogan Life is short .
Avebury is a Scheduled Ancient Monument , a World Heritage Site , and a National Trust property .
, was also a live album , and generally received better reviews than the first , partly because of strong audience response .
Anisy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Yu Eto is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sagan Tosu .
In 1537 , the reformed congregation was forced to return the church of St. Martin to the Catholic Church and meet in the chapel in Erdhausen , although only a small minority of the population remained Catholic .
Andrew Barton '' Banjo '' Paterson , OBE ( 17 February 1864-5 February 1941 ) was an Australian bush poet , journalist and author .
Rombly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais département in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
With Florence well away from the system , conditions became more favorable for development , and it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gordon on September 11 while moving slowly westward .
April 14 & ndash ; The foundation stone of Cathedral St. Peter and St. Paul in Nantes , France is laid .
The AIESEC network as of June 2010 includes over 50,000 students in 111 countries and territories , making it the largest student driven organization in the world .
It is best known as the language of many of the earliest extant Buddhist scriptures , as collected in the P and short '' a '' , and also with either a retroflex or non-retroflex '' l '' sound .
It is built on the site of the medieval Steelyard , the trading base in England of the Hanseatic League .
The Second Cataract ( or Great Cataract ) was in Nubia and is now submerged in Lake Nasser ( )
Zen Buddhism and , along with it , the Chinese methods of preparing powdered tea were brought to Japan in 1191 by the monk Eisai .
He made 7 appearances and scored 2 goals for the Italy national football team from 1962 to 1963 , and played in the 1962 FIFA World Cup .
It is actively promoted for business and home use as well .
In its early days , the major industry in Shepherdsville was salt production from nearby Bullitt 's Lick . The first post office in Shepherdsville opened in 1806 .
A skirt is a tube - or cone-shaped garment that hangs from the waist and covers all or part of the legs .
Twenty-three different emirs ruled Granada from the founding of the dynasty in 1232 by Muhammed I ibn Nasr until January 2 , 1492 , when Muhammad XII surrendered to the Christian Spanish kingdoms of Aragon and Castile .
In Medieval England , town criers were the chief means of news communication with the townspeople , since many were illiterate .
Some in the media panned the writing as amateurish , and the book was parodied by Robert Mundell on The Late Show with David Letterman .
Without fermions , bosonic strings can vibrate in a flat but unstable 26-dimensional space time .
The Battle of Miani ( February 17 , 1843 ) was a battle between British forces under Sir Charles Napier and the Talpur Amirs of Sindh , Pakistan .
'' Look After You '' is a song by the Denver-based piano rock band The Fray from their debut album How to Save a Life .
In February 2004 , during the halftime show of the Super Bowl XXXVIII broadcast on the CBS television network , Timberlake performed with Janet Jackson before a television audience of more than 140 million viewers .
While Hill is in jail , Carmen meets the famous rapper Blaze ( Casey Lee ) at a nightclub , The Spot .
History Instances of dirty paper coding include Costa precoding ( 1983 ) , Tomlinson-Harashima precoding ( 1971 ) and the vector perturbation technique of Hochwald et al. .
She graduated from high school in 1929 , then attended Fullerton Junior College and later the University of Southern California .
Outcomes Its School of Cognitive Science was the first interdisciplinary undergraduate program in cognitive science and has few peers .
Waste is also referred to as rubbish , trash , garbage , or junk depending upon the type of material and the regional terminology .
Apple 's Pages software uses this jumbled text as a sample screenplay for their screenplay layout .
Although it scored on the American charts for only six months , it has continued to sell solidly , and is now certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA .
Japanese language also uses Chinese characters .
The set of pronouns which forms the song 's title is a conventional way of referring to the ego in a Hindu context .
Windows 2000 can be installed through either a manual or unattended installation .
New links can also be added to the list if a new spammer should start making the rounds .
High unemployment and high bread prices caused more money to be spent on food and less in other areas of the economy .
The Mamluks , led by their new sultan Baibars , quickly became a regional power in the Middle East by capturing a number of crusader states and repulsing Mongol attacks .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus ( ) when the penis is not erect .
The State University of New York Health Science Center at Brooklyn , better known as SUNY Downstate Medical Center , is a public university and medical center located in central Brooklyn , New York .
This ban was lampooned in cartoons and satirical TV shows , such as Spitting Image , and in The Day Today and was criticised by freedom of speech organisations and British media personalities , including BBC Director General John Birt and BBC foreign editor John Simpson .
The Jesuit missionaries had offended the Orthodox faith of the local Ethiopians , and on 25 June 1632 Susenyos ' son , Emperor Fasilides , declared the state religion to again be Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity , and expelled the Jesuit missionaries and other Europeans .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2 .
She became violently anti-Bonapartist , and is even said to have contemplated the assassination of Napoleon III .
Beatrice of Castile ( 1242 -- 1303 ) , wife of King Afonso III of Portugal
Years after having his script for the movie Buffy the Vampire Slayer produced , Whedon revived the concept as a television series of the same name .
Braille can be seen as the world 's first binary encoding scheme for representing the characters of a writing system .
Many pale wildflowers called '' blue '' are actually mauve .
Massachusetts General Hospital ( Mass General or MGH ) is a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School and a biomedical research facility in Boston , Massachusetts .
James Schoolcraft Sherman ( October 24 , 1855 -- October 30 , 1912 ) was a United States Representative from New York and the 27th Vice President of the United States ( 1909-1912 ) .
This is a summary of the 1996 Major League Soccer season .
The owner of a common law trademark may also file suit , but an unregistered mark may be protectable only within the geographical area within which it has been used or in geographical areas into which it may be reasonably expected to expand .
The slogan calls upon the whole world to join in the Olympic spirit and build a better future for humanity .
Prior to becoming the Chief Justice , he was Chief Justice of the Western Region of Nigeria .
While the municipality itself ( city center ) has a population ( as of ) of , the metropolitan area has 1,240,000 residents , according to a 2007 census .
Mosles is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Saint-Trivier-de-Courtes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Nintendo later released the Nintendo Channel , which allows Wii owners to download game demos or additional data to their Nintendo DS in a process similar to that of a DS Download Station .
Vescours is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Frescos The wall paintings were executed by the most respected painters of the 15th century : Pietro Perugino , Sandro Botticelli , Domenico Ghirlandaio , Cosimo Rosselli , Luca Signorelli and their respective workshops , which included Pinturicchio , Piero di Cosimo and Bartolomeo della Gatta .
The exodus Economic insecurity , ethnic hatred and the international political context that eventually led to the Iron Curtain resulted in up to 350,000 people , mostly Italians , choosing to leave the region .
It preceded the modern thylacine by 4 - 6 million years , and was 5 % bigger , was more robust and had a shorter , broader skull .
He currently plays for Fluminense and was Brazilian Champion in 2010 .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1923/1924 season .
It was two centuries before Europeans tried to settle there again .
His friendship with Allen Ginsberg , William S. Burroughs and Gregory Corso , among others , became a notorious representation of the Beat Generation .
Male horses are usually castrated ( gelded ) using emasculators , because stallions are rather aggressive and troublesome .
Cities of Kanpur , Lucknow , Bareilly , Allahabad , Varanasi , Jhansi , Gorakhpur , Agra and Ghazipur are connected to a number of National Highways .
On the processing architecture , a given instruction may specify :
A transcript of his comments may be found online : [ ] In addition to Davis ' score , The Matrix soundtrack also features music from acts such as Rammstein , Rob Dougan , Rage Against the Machine , Propellerheads , Ministry , Deftones , The Prodigy , Rob Zombie , Meat Beat Manifesto , and Marilyn Manson .
She then attended the Canterbury Boarding School , in New Milford , Connecticut from the fall of 1998 to February 1999 at age 17 for her junior year , where she was a member of the ice hockey team .
FrontPage is a WYSIWYG '' What You See Is What You Get '' Web Editor .
Anti-Flag is a punk rock band from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania in the United States , formed in 1988 , and known for its outspoken left-wing political views .
It is the largest city in eastern Alabama with a 2009 population of 57,828 .
The New Musical Express ( better known as the NME ) is a popular music magazine in the United Kingdom that has been published weekly since March 1952 .
In 1990 he became the drummer for grunge group Nirvana .
He looked exactly like a real wooden puppet with , among other things , a long pointed nose , a peaked cap , and bare wooden hands .
It follows a retrograde , modestly inclined but highly eccentric orbit .
The Falklands War ( ) , also called the Falklands Conflict/Crisis , was fought in 1982 between Argentina and the United Kingdom ( UK ) over the disputed Falkland Islands and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands .
Carrey has also achieved critical success in dramatic roles in films such as The Truman Show , Man on the Moon , and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind .
The group is traditionally a superclass , broken into three top-level groupings : Chondrichthyes , or the cartilaginous fish ; Placodermi , an extinct clade of armored fish ; and Teleostomi , which includes the familiar classes of bony fish , birds , mammals , reptiles , and amphibians .
The effect of structural adjustment policies on poor countries has been one of the most significant criticisms of the World Bank .
In circumstances involving a distinction or disjunction , the en dash ( see above ) is usually preferable to the slash , e.g. , .
Orcs find Frodo 's body , and Sam learns that Frodo is not in fact dead , but unconscious .
She was a '' Featured Guest '' at Fan Expo Canada ( formerly the Canadian National Expo ) on August 22 -- 24 , 2008 in Toronto .
Career In 1971 , Baker got his first big break with the role of Rasputin in the film Nicholas and Alexandra .
Novaya Zemlya is the northern part of the Ural Mountains , and the interior is mountainous throughout .
Cycloalkanes ( also called naphthenes - not to be confused with naphthalene ) are types of alkanes which have one or more rings of carbon atoms in the chemical structure of their molecules .
Reasons U.S. women have abortions : quantative and qualitative perspectives .
The stories became the basis of the animated television series produced by Cookie Jar Entertainment of Canada and Bee Train of Japan .
A more general medical and neurological examination may be needed to rule out medical illnesses which may rarely produce psychotic schizophrenia-like symptoms , such as metabolic disturbance , systemic infection , syphilis , HIV infection , epilepsy , and brain lesions .
His extraordinary contributions to the development of music in Canada , as conductor , performer , composer , administrator , lecturer , adjudicator , writer , humourist , and statesman , are unparalleled .
In Eastern Germany , a new anthem was created by the poet and politician Johannes R. Becher ( '' Auferstanden aus Ruinen '' - '' Resurrected from the Ruins '' ) with a melody written by Hanns Eisler .
In recent years Clunes has undergone a noticeable transformation and rejuvenation following the decision by Wesley College , Australia 's largest co-educational private school , to establish a campus for Year 9 students in the town .
Teams are supplied by the sole tyre supplier ( currently Pirelli which replaced Bridgestone in 2011 ) , and receive two different types of slick dry tyre compounds : Prime tyres ( either Hard or Medium compounds ) , and Option tyres ( Soft and Super-soft compounds ) .
Paul Williams ( Irish journalist ) ( born 1964 ) , Irish journalist and non-fiction crime writer
Spacecataz is a failed spin-off from the animated series Aqua Teen Hunger Force ( ATHF ) , focusing on the Mooninites ( Ignignokt and Err ) and the Plutonians ( Oglethorpe and Emory ) - all recurring characters on ATHF- who battle with each other in outer space with pranks and practical jokes .
During atrophy , there is a down-regulation of protein synthesis pathways , and an activation of protein breakdown pathways .
The Gospel of Matthew , traditionally ascribed to the Apostle Matthew , son of Alphaeus according to Papias , ( see the Gospel according to the Hebrews ) Clement of Alexandria , Irenaeus and Eusebius .
On April 15 , 2006 , Geoffrey von Cromvoirt was arrested by Aruban authorities on suspicion of criminal offenses related to dealing in illegal narcotics that , according to the prosecutor , might have been related to the disappearance of Holloway .
Modern neuroscience education and research activities can be very roughly categorized into the following major branches , based on the subject and scale of the system in examination as well as distinct experimental or curricular approaches .
Rather , it simply absorbs all the frequencies of visible light shining on it except for a group of frequencies that is perceived as red , which are reflected .
The British Railways Class D600 diesel-hydraulic locomotives were built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow during 1957 and 1958 .
As it is often difficult for patients to recall the precise details regarding each headache , it is often useful for the sufferer to fill-out a '' headache diary '' detailing the characteristics of the headache .
The color of the stripes , from the top down , follows the sequence : white , red , blue , white , red , blue , white , red .
These five Pathis are collectively called as Panchappathis .
Radio Radio broadcasting rights are currently held by BBC Radio Scotland , who have held the rights since the SPL 's inception in 1998 .
Although it has been many years since Tim Sweeney first wrote ZZT , it still has a cult following .
Unlike other Royal Society medals , the Hughes Medal has never been awarded to the same individual more than once .
Beth quickly moved to the northeast , and hit Nova Scotia as a minimal hurricane on the 16th .
Begging the question ( or petitio principii , '' assuming the initial point '' ) is a type of logical fallacy in which the proposition to be proved is assumed implicitly or explicitly in the premise .
Angered by the move and with the absence of the boys , Katie approached the other remaining girls , plotting of another women 's alliance .
It is the smallest species of bat and may be the world 's smallest mammal , depending on how size is defined .
Nicktoons Racing is a Nickelodeon racing game for the PlayStation , Game Boy Advance , Game Boy Color , Windows , and arcade .
Quickdraws are used by rock climbers to connect the climbing rope to bolt anchors or other protection , while lead climbing .
In its long history , Gregorian chant has been subjected to many gradual changes and some reforms .
It stars Bruce Willis as NYPD officer John McClane , Bonnie Bedelia as his wife , Holly , and Alan Rickman as thief Hans Gruber .
La Croupte is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
The French Annales School radically changed the focus of historical research in France during the 20th century .
Please do not add the Scientology event to this article without participating in the discussion on the talk page .
Ferdinand III , Holy Roman Emperor ( 1637 -- 1657 ) .
It is a brood parasite , which lays its eggs in the nests of other bird species , particularly of Dunnocks , Meadow Pipits , and Eurasian Reed Warblers .
Murray , London .
Taylor series , in mathematics , a way to represent any function in power series
La Entrada ( D.M. )
A cnidocyte , cnidoblast , or nematocyte is a type of venomous cell unique to the phylum Cnidaria ( corals , sea anemones , hydrae , jellyfish , etc. ) .
The British East India Company built a ` factory ' ( warehouse ) at Armagaon ( Durgarazpatnam ) , a village around 35 m North of Pulicat , as the site in 1626 .
An excursion to Crystal Cave also includes the neighbouring Fantasy Cave with Fantasy being deeper ( 88 steps down ) .
India is home to two major linguistic families : Indo-Aryan ( spoken by about 74 % of the population ) and Dravidian ( spoken by about 24 % ) .
A side-scrolling platform game entitled Super Mario Bros. was released for the Game & Watch range of handheld LCD game systems by Nintendo . The Game & Watch Super Mario Bros. is an entirely new game , featuring none of the stages from the NES original .
San Francisco : Harper and Row , 1982 .
There are only few plains , and most of the area is hills .
As the first superhero team title produced by Marvel Comics , it formed a cornerstone of the company 's 1960s rise from a small division of a publishing company to a pop-culture conglomerate .
In August 2 1963 , by decree 11.608 , was created the Men 's High School of Santa Cruz , after a proposal by the Rotary Club of the city and the Governor of the Department of Santa Cruz , Carlos Cardoen .
Modern pizza originated in Italy as the Neapolitan pie with tomato .
True mid vowels do not contrast with both close-mid and open-mid in any language , and the letters are typically used for either close-mid or mid vowels .
This area includes most of what is now Clark County .
It spread heavy snow across the major cities of the Northeastern US , making it the defining snowstorm of the very snowy winter of 2002-2003 .
XSLT ( Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations ) is a declarative , XML-based language used for the transformation of XML documents .
Later he worked with a number of bands during the late 1960s , notably the Alan Price Set , before being invited to join Ginger Baker 's Airforce with Steve Winwood in 1968 .
Johann Strauss II ( October 25 , 1825 -- June 3 , 1899 ) , also known as Johann Baptist Strauss or Johann Strauss , Jr. , the Younger , or the Son , was an Austrian composer of light music , particularly dance music and operettas .
Dennis '' Denny '' Green ( born February 17 , 1949 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American football head coach for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League .
Wills , page 2
'' Outspoken Dutch Politician Makes Inroads '' Born in the city of Venlo , raised as a Roman Catholic and having left the Church at his coming of age , Wilders attributes his politics to his support for what he calls ` Judeo-Christian values ' .
Harvard University
Damien Rice ( born 7 December 1973 ) is an Irish singer/songwriter and musician .
They were at first inspired by The Beatles and other sixties pop groups like The Kinks .
Most victories in one single classic : 7 ( in Milan-Sanremo ) .
Its important ores include wolframite and scheelite .
A minor scale in music theory is generally any scale that includes at least three essential scale degrees : one being the tonic , another at an interval of a minor third above the tonic , and another at an interval of a perfect fifth above the tonic , together composing the tonic minor triad .
This is a crystalline piece of semiconductor material connected to two electrical terminals .
They are thin and are usually served with a large amount of sweet or savory filling , ranging from fruit or ice cream , to seafood ( in Brazil , most usually ground meat ) .
Christopher Michael Benoit ( ) ( May 21 , 1967 -- June 24 , 2007 ) was a Canadian professional wrestler who is best recalled for his time with Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) , World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , and World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Bill Kaulitz was born on September 1 , 1989 in Leipzig ten minutes after his identical twin brother , Tom .
This array distributes data across multiple disks , but the array is addressed by the operating system as one single disk .
It is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron were mined nearby .
Genus Ochotona Link 1795
There are 68 parishes within the district .
English is widely spoken and is the language of government and commerce .
Lange 's photographs humanized the tragic consequences of the Great Depression and profoundly influenced the development of documentary photography .
The riot resulted in almost 279 injuries to police and 45 injuries to members of the public ; over a hundred vehicles were burned , including 56 police vehicles ; and almost 150 buildings were damaged , with thirty burned .
is a city located in southeastern Aomori in T hoku region of Japan .
March 21 & ndash ; Modest Mussorgsky , Russian composer ( d. 1881 )
Despite being morphologically simple , lacking a skeleton and usually being sessile , cnidarians prey on fish and crustaceans .
SDS was the organizational high point for student radicalism in the United States and has been an important influence on student organizing in the decades since its collapse .
The phone rang ( or rather the green light was blinking ) and his wife told him not to answer , as it was a crank call .
Political significance The Nigerian-Biafran War began on July 6 , 1967 and lasted until January 15 , 1970 .
The city was named after Manuel L. Quezon , the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines who founded the city and developed it to replace Manila as the country 's capital . Quezon City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon province , which was also named after the president .
Tujunga Wash is a 13.0 m stream in Los Angeles County , California .
The bird has a crest of brilliant green feathers .
Steven J. '' Steve '' Morse ( born July 28 , 1954 ) is an American guitarist , best known as the founder of the Dixie Dregs , and the guitar player in Deep Purple since 1994 .
This shirt was first used between 1973 and 1974 in Division 2 .
It can be used as a container to hold solutions of chemicals .
His 17th-century successors , Galileo Galilei , Johannes Kepler and Isaac Newton , developed an understanding of physics that led to the gradual acceptance of the idea that the Earth moves around the Sun and that the planets are governed by the same physical laws that governed the Earth .
It is sometimes possible to identify portraits that have been painted from death masks , because of the characteristic slight distortions of the features caused by the weight of the plaster during the making of the mold .
A Diet Coke and Mentos eruption is a rather extreme example .
In the local vegetation still appear remnants of the Parana ( or Brazilian ) pine ( Araucaria angustifolia ) , which resisted the effects of modern civilization .
April Fools ' Day is celebrated in different countries around the world on April 1 every year .
Additionally , Zenwalk comes with many specialized tools , designed for beginner through advanced users as it offers system configuration via both graphical and command-line operations .
Ferrous , in chemical science , indicates a bivalent iron compound ( +2 oxidation state ) , as opposed to ferric , which indicates a trivalent iron compound ( +3 oxidation state ) .
Pakistan , being the main source of raw cotton for Japan 's textile industry , was one of its major trading partners .
The camps commenced operating in January 1942 and had a total inmate population of about 6,000 .
Defines what types of speedy deletions actions should result in the page to be added to your watchlist .
The contemporary independent republics of Finland and Lithuania have been Grand Duchies during certain eras of their history .
Mike Stroud and Evan Mast first met as students at Skidmore College , but they did not work together until 2001 , when they recorded several songs under the name '' Cherry '' .
The story of the eponymous character is taken from medieval German romance , notably the Parzival of Wolfram von Eschenbach and its sequel , Lohengrin , written by a different author , itself inspired by the epic of Garin le Loherain .
The Yardbirds recorded most of their Top 40 hit songs during Beck 's time with The Yardbirds , which was short , allowing him only one full album , Yardbirds which became known as Roger the Engineer , released in 1966 .
Saint-Quentin-de-Baron is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He is often erroneously named as the last person to die in the attempt to cross the wall , but he was in fact only the last to be killed through the use of weapons , and the second-last to die in an escape attempt .
Darren Paul Ambrose ( born 29 February 1984 ) is an English footballer who plays for Crystal Palace as a midfielder , where he has established himself as a fan 's favorite .
It was discovered and described in 2003 in rocks of the Yixian Formation in Liaoning Province , China , by a team of scientists including Zhe-Xi Luo and John Wible .
A live CD , live DVD , or live disc is a CD or DVD containing a bootable computer operating system .
( UMG ) is the largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry .
In the television series Babylon 5 , Earthdome , the capital of the Earth Alliance is located in Geneva .
Land development and water use have transformed the state , primarily through drainage and infill of the wetlands that once covered most of the peninsula .
Kobukuro signed with Warner Music Japan in 2001 , and made their debut with the hit single , '' Yell '' which reached number 4 on the Oricon Charts .
After sixteen performances , it was not performed again in the Soviet Union until 1974 , when it was revived by Gennady Rozhdestvensky and Boris Pokrovsky .
Valley Parade , also known as the Coral Windows Stadium through sponsorship rights , is an all-seater football stadium in Bradford , West Yorkshire , England .
VMware ThinApp ( formerly Thinstall ) is an application virtualization and portable application creator suite by VMware that can package conventional applications so that they become portable applications .
It is estimated that it destroyed the homes of 70,000 of the City 's ca .
Portsoy Boat FestivalBanffshire Journal , 11 Aug 2009
A camera lens ( also known as photographic lens , objective lens or photographic objective ) is an optical lens or assembly of lenses used in conjunction with a camera body and mechanism to make images of objects either on photographic film or on other media capable of storing an image chemically or electronically .
Development may refer to :
It has the highest elevation of any market town in England .
An elementary example is this : roll a standard ten times and count the number of fours .
Ann Arbor , Michigan : Marketing Communications ( University of Michigan ) , July 7 , 2004 .
While not having grown up fully in Auckland , his family often traveled to see relatives there , his parents having originally moved to Taumarunui from South Auckland .
On October 17 , 1944 , Allied forces assaulted Suluan Island , beginning the Battle of Leyte Gulf .
It peaked at number two in the Billboard Hot Country Albums chart , and spent 108 weeks on the chart . It also reached number 11 on the Billboard 200 .
During her brother 's reign she lived a private life , uninterested in politics .
The development of the vassal , in a society that was increasingly organised around the concept of '' lordship '' -- in French the seigneur -- provides one of the threads by which the onlooker can see the Early Middle Ages evolving out of Late Antiquity .
Prince Rogers Nelson ( born June 7 , 1958 ) is an American musician .
CCIR 601 , Interlaced Analog to Digital Video encoding standard ( AKA : ITU-R BT .601 )
Farbus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Bruys is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Its main effect was to abolish the county councils of the metropolitan counties that had been set up in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 , along with the Greater London Council that had been established in 1965 .
However , in contrast with the constitutions of other Commonwealth Realms such as Canada which formally grant extensive reserve powers to the Monarch , even the formal powers of the Queen of Australia are extremely limited , and most powers are only exercisable by the Governor-General .
As a place of settlement Hanau was first mentioned in 1143 .
Thebe was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 , and was initially given the provisional designation ' .
He was the only Catholic and the longest-lived ( and last surviving ) signatory of the Declaration of Independence , dying at the age of 95 .
An unusually low sperm count , not the same as low semen volume , is known as oligospermia , and the absence of any sperm from the semen is termed azoospermia .
Resilience is the property of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then , upon unloading to have this energy recovered .
Minor clashes followed , but the islets have been under South Korean administration since then .
He continued with a spare chassis and took third place in qualifying .
The Volkswagen Sharan is a large MPV produced by the German automaker Volkswagen since 1995 .
Further information Military awards and decorations and Orders of merit
With its focus on classic Nickelodeon game shows ( all of which had been removed from the parent network by 2000 ) , Nick GAS was essentially a children 's version of ( and Viacom 's answer to ) Game Show Network , which launched on December 1 , 1994 .
Seismometers are instruments that measure motions of the ground , including those of seismic waves generated by earthquakes , nuclear explosions , and other seismic sources .
Lag can be reduced by lowering the rotational inertia of the turbine , for example by using lighter parts to allow the spool-up to happen more quickly .
Karlstad has a University and a Cathedral .
Each lichen is a flat patch bordered by a black line of spores .
Kojak : The Price of Justice is a 1987 TV movie based on the TV series Kojak , starring Telly Savalas as Theo Kojak .
In any case , the Governor of New South Wales deemed such a treaty invalid as the land was owned by the Crown rather than the Aborigines .
Rickrolling is an Internet meme typically involving the music video for the 1987 Rick Astley song '' Never Gon na Give You Up '' .
The story goes that the dam was built in the 1860s by Dutch brothers , Herman and John Tiedeman , to provide water for the sluicing of their Victoria Hill gold claims .
It was also known as the Federal Army , the U.S. Army , the Northern Army and the National Army .
Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus , commonly known as Suetonius ( ca . 69\/75 -- after 130 ) , was a Roman historian belonging to the equestrian order in the early Imperial era .
Pasties are usually applied with a special tape or glue fixative , often gum arabic .
More than 20,000 people from 16 countries , 48 states attended the event , which was also televised in more than 90 countries .
Yelp.com has more than 31 million monthly unique visitors as of early 2010 .
Dampleux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Carrie-Anne Moss ( born August 21 , 1967 ) is a Canadian actress known for her roles in ` The Matrix trilogy , Memento , Unthinkable , and Chocolat .
Philip IV ( April- June 1268 - 29 November 1314 ) , called the Fair , son and successor of Philip III , reigned as King of France from 1285 until his death .
They are inexpensive and interchangeable , are supplied fitted with standard connectors , and can measure a wide range of temperatures .
Kevin Rudd has said that he is in favor of the Cabinet meeting in other places , such as major regional cities .
Foghat is a British rock band that had its peak success in the mid - to late-1970s .
Johnny Fedora and Alice Blue Bonnett tells the romantic story of two hats who fall in love in a department store window .
Platinum is insoluble in hydrochloric and nitric acid , but dissolves in aqua regia to form chloroplatinic acid , H2PtCl6 .
In the same year it was renamed Aldwych when Charing Cross on the Northern Line was renamed Strand .
Chanakya has been considered as the pioneer of the field of economics and political science .
Renewables Global Status Report : 2009 Update p. 9 .
Upon hearing that his cousin had changed the name of the British royal house to Windsor , German Emperor Wilhelm II remarked jokingly that he planned to see Shakespeare 's play The Merry Wives of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha .
Precipitation peaked at 3.21 i/O. However , no significant damage was reported .
All have paddle-like tails and many have laterally compressed bodies that give them an eel-like appearance .
Scottish Gaelic In the 17th and 18th centuries , tens of thousands of Scots from Scotland , and Scots-Irish from the north of Ireland arrived in the American colonies .
At this point , the Dutchess County Fairgrounds are located just to the north of Route 308 .
Defense - Law - Economics - Family - Environmental management - Politics - Trade - Craft
He arrived in Van Diemen 's Land in October 1812 in the Indefatigable , and was assigned to a Mr. John Ingle , a merchant and , but ran away and joined a large party of escaped convicts in the bush .
The Wash is the square-mouthed estuary on the northwest margin of East Anglia on the east coast of England , where Norfolk meets Lincolnshire .
In 2003 , the population voted in favour of secession from Guadeloupe in order to form a separate overseas collectivity ( COM ) of France .
A license is usually written , but it does not have to be .
Angels , who arrive as messengers of divine mercy , declare at the end of Act V : '' He who strives on and lives to strive \/O/ Can earn redemption still '' ( V , 11936 - 7 ) .
Schalke has long been one of the most popular football teams in Germany , even though major successes have been rare since the club 's heyday in the 1930s and early 1940s .
Solar Systems is to build the world 's most advancedAustralia advances with solar power The Times , 26 October 2006 .
The rules of inheritance differ between societies and have changed over time .
Pottsville is a town in Pope County , Arkansas , United States .
Admiral Stewart 's mother , Parnell 's great-grandmother , belonged to the Tudor family so had a distant relationship with the British Royal Family .
The Clash is the first album-length recording released by the English punk rock band The Clash .
Ian Richard Kyle Paisley , Baron Bannside , PC ( born 6 April 1926 ) is a politician and church minister in Northern Ireland .
The English name for the school was simplified to HAFS .
In 1958 he won the international Koussevitsky Competition for conductors , which resulted in a number of operatic conducting engagements in Italy , and in 1963 he won the Dimitri Mitropoulos Prize for conductors , allowing him to work for five months with the New York Philharmonic .
The Christopher Columbus Museum remembers Christopher Columbus , the Italian navigator who died in Valladolid .
Poems by Currer , Ellis , and Acton Bell was available for sale in May 1846 .
Mattoon is a city in Coles County , Illinois , United States .
History Etymology Armenian chroniclers such as Yeghishe and Ghazar Parpetsi first mentioned Ani in the 5th century AD .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
Saint-Pey-de-Castets is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Amyrmex golbachi is a species of ant and is currently the only known species in the genus Amyrmex described from Argentina .
Camiran is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
An agar plate is a Petri dish that contains a growth medium ( typically agar plus nutrients ) used to culture microorganisms or small plants like the moss Physcomitrella patens .
Aurelia is a city in Cherokee County , Iowa , United States .
Instrumentation typically includes brass , woodwinds , and percussion instruments .
Rosales is an order of flowering plants , including nine families , the type family being the rose family Rosaceae .
Vector graphics is the use of geometrical primitives such as points , lines , curves , and shapes or polygon ( s ) , which are all based on mathematical equations , to represent images in computer graphics .
On February 19 , as part of her first major singles push , Melina successfully pinned James to win the WWE Women 's Championship .
Two battalions of French-speaking volunteers in the International Brigades of the Spanish Civil War were named after Louise Michel , a heroine of the 1871 Paris Commune .
In response , Bush announced a global War on Terrorism , ordered an invasion of Afghanistan that same year and an invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
The French Minister of Sports , Jean-Francois Lamour , had made it clear that 2024 represents a choice objective for a Parisian bid .
Wadebridge has just one secondary school Wadebridge School which has a sixth form .
But Kikyo lied to Kagome when she shot the bow in Kikyo 's chest .
In August 1990 Symantec acquired Peter Norton Computing from Peter Norton .
In 1980 , he was named Canadian male recording artist of the decade , for his work in the 1970s .
Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available ; most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei , but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family .
Southeast Europe 1260 - King Otakar II of Bohemia captures Styria from King Bela IV of Hungary in the Battle of Kressenbrunn .
The Barnwell brothers , Frank and Harold , worked at Grampian Motors in Causewayhead , and in 1909 they designed and flew the first powered flight in Scotland .
The cemetery maintained its own office until 1965 , when it combined operations with Queen of Heaven Cemetery .
MIPT Terrorism Knowledge Base ARA attacked at least 7 times resulting in at least 6 fatalities and 8 injuries ; its last attack occurred in 1985 .
Dwarfism can be caused by about 200 distinct medical conditions , such that the symptoms and characteristics of individual people with dwarfism vary greatly .
Many of the old Inca walls were thought to have been lost after the earthquake , but the granite walls of the Coricancha were exposed , as well as many walls throughout the city .
Its instrumentation is typically modern and may be with or without traditional Chinese musical instruments .
Trade is also called commerce or transaction .
Agriculture Erode District in Tamil Nadu State is a very important market centre for Coconut in Avalpoondurai .
Then , on October 1 , the University of California , Berkeley exploded into the dramatic and prolonged agony that was the free speech movement .
Thirty of the soundtrack 's songs feature vocals .
Spurgeon was the pastor of the congregation of the New Park Street Chapel ( later the Metropolitan Tabernacle ) in London for 38 years .
At the current rate , it will take approximately 660 years to test every possible remaining key , and thus guarantee completion of the project .
Early on April 29 , the JTWC estimated Nargis reached winds of 160 km\/h ( 100 mph ) , and at the same time the IMD classified the system as a very severe cyclonic storm .
The seismicity or seismic activity of an area refers to the frequency , type and size of earthquakes experienced over a period of time .
When Voldemort kills Snape later in the story , Harry realises that Snape was not the traitorous murderer he believed him to be , but a tragic anti-hero who was loyal to Dumbledore .
Through her use of irony , Austen attempted to protect her integrity as an artist and a person in the face of attitudes and practices she rejected .
He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the ring names Sim Snuka and Deuce between 2007 and 2009 .
The JR East station consists of three surface platforms serving the T kaid , Yamanote , and Keihin-T hoku lines , and an underground platform serving the Yokosuka Line .
This suggests that there has been an accelerated rate of evolution in the C. elegans lineage . The same study found that several phylogenetically ancient genes are not present in C. elegans .
Fiji and New Zealand were originally part of this process , but they decided not to join the federation .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus ( ; see also List of Greek place names ) is a large peninsula ( technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal ) and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
It was formed from the independent villages of Ottakring and Neulerchenfeld in 1892 .
At both colleges , she wrote short stories and other works about racial injustice , a rarely mentioned topic on such campuses at the time .
Copper ( II ) carbonate ( often called copper carbonate or cupric carbonate ) is a blue-green compound ( chemical formula CuCO3 ) forming part of the verdigris patina that is found on weathered brass , bronze , and copper .
The wire-haired dachshund , the last to develop , was created in late 19th century .
It is the second book in a series that follows the main character Cadel Piggot , a genius young boy living in Australia .
A successor to DES , the Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) , was adopted in 2001 .
The Bishamon Sword is also the ultimate weapon in the game .
In 1987 he published his autobiography-cum-political tract , If Voting Changed Anything They 'd Abolish It .
All contributors to the Knol project must sign in first with a Google account and are supposed to state their real names .
ca : The Arctic High latitudes mean that the sun does not rise far above the horizon , and less solar energy is received than further south .
Eike Immel ( born 27 November 1960 in Stadtallendorf ) is a former German football player and manager .
In 2007 , the last completed event , the charity raised over # 37 million , of which # 13 million was raised on the broadcasted evening .
Jon Stevens Corzine ( born January 1 , 1947 ) is the Governor of New Jersey and a former United States Senator .
The game port was the traditional connector for video game input devices on x86-based PCs .
At Worlds , Davis and White placed 7th , the highest debut placement for an American team at Worlds since 1980 .
Born in London , he went to Sevenoaks SchoolSevenoaks School and then studied three dimensional design at Manchester Polytechnic and at the Royal College of Art , winning several prizes .
After negotiations were completed , the character of Fisher was changed from a boxer to a singer and the location was moved from New York to New Orleans .
At the moment , he is the main opposition leader of the Turkish parliament .
There are numerous variations on these positions .
The older tribes fared well .
Additionally , nuclear testing has often been used as an indicator of scientific and military strength , and many tests have been overtly political in their intention ; most nuclear weapons states publicly declared their nuclear status by means of a nuclear test .
James Hugh Calum Laurie , OBE ( ; born 11 June 1959 ) , best known as Hugh Laurie , is an English actor , comedian , writer , and musician .
The practice of the Philippines is to name tropical depressions from their own naming convention when the depressions are within the Philippines ' area of responsibility .
She is currently married to fellow actor Vincent Cassel , with whom she has appeared in several films , and has two daughters , Deva ( born 12 September 2004 ) and Léonie ( born 21 May 2010 ) .
Similarly , he has also misled another interviewer to believe that , when playing Dumbledore , he does not '' have to play anyone really .
bar :1861 text :1861
It was also the longest running show produced by Aaron Spelling .
The U.S. military also threatened to overthrow the Taliban government for refusing to hand over Osama bin Laden and several Al-Qaeda members .
American schnapps , however , are liqueurs .
However , the more widely known Atlas is a figure from Greek mythology .
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth made-for-TV movie in the series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
The music of the opera is precise , direct and movingly understated .
The BeatrIX desktop had just four icons ( e-mail , instant messaging , word processing and web browser ) .
He was listed in Bells Sporting Life as being one of the most promising young cricketers in England .
On August 3 , 1780 , Arnold obtained command of West Point .
The Bastille ( ) was a fortress-prison in Paris , known formally as Bastille Saint-Antoine -- Number 232 , Rue Saint-Antoine -- best known today because of the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 , which along with the Tennis Court Oath is considered the beginning of the French Revolution .
Many moths have a frenulum which is a filament arising from the hindwing and coupling ( matching up ) with barbs on the forewing .
The work is divided into three parts which address specific events in the life of Christ .
Compatibility Higher capacity Zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability .
He later ran a vintage shop called Nostalgia in Covent Garden , where he met fashion editors , models , actors , and photographers on a daily basis .
After a series of misunderstandings and outbreaks of violence , the Crusaders sacked the city in 1204 , and established the so-called Latin Empire and a series of other Crusader states throughout the territories of the Greek Byzantine Empire .
With 638,670 inhabitants in 2006 , Strasbourg 's metropolitan area ( '' aire urbaine '' ) ( only the part of the metropolitan area on French territory ) is the ninth largest in France .
Daniel is a Hebrew masculine given name and a surname .
The source is the farthest point of the river stream from its estuary , mouth , or its confluence with another river or stream , regardless of what name that watercourse may carry on local maps and in local usage .
Andrea Alessandro Carnevale ( born 12 January 1961 in Monte San Biagio ) is an Italian former footballer .
Dodd 's experiment has been easy for many others to replicate , including with other kinds of fruit flies and foods .
In some cases the axle may be fixed in position with a bearing or bushing sitting inside the hole in the wheel or gear to allow the wheel or gear to rotate around the axle .
Alexandertorte , also known as Alexander Torte or Aleksander Torte , is a Latvian dessert . It consists of pastry strips filled with raspberry preserves .
Some varieties of tuna , such as the bluefin and bigeye tuna , Thunnus obesus , are threatened by overfishing , which dramatically affects tuna populations in the Atlantic and northwestern Pacific Oceans .
Kazuyuki Mugita is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
Seth Benjamin Gesshel Green ( born February 8 , 1974 ) is an American actor , comedian , voice actor , and television producer .
As such , he was advisor for the Tour of Qatar in 2002 .
The district was created in 1974 by merging the two districts of Eschwege and Witzenhausen , which had both existed with only slight modifications since 1821 .
This includes all kinds of breads or similar foodstuffs made from wheat , maize , rice and other cereals or related crops used around the world .
Neiderman is arguably best known as the author of The Devil 's Advocate , later adapted into a film of the same name , and the screenwriter who adapted Rain , based on a series of novels released under Andrews ' name .
Parallel computer programs are more difficult to write than sequential ones , because concurrency introduces several new classes of potential software bugs , of which race conditions are the most common .
The major denominations include Shaivism , Shaktism , Vaishnavism and Smartism .
This force enables the object to float or at least seem lighter .
Barks Kagrra , Biography retrieved Apr 3 , 2010 Cdjournal.com Kagrra , Artist Profile retrieved Apr 3 , 2010 Kagrra 's concept is '' Neo Japanese . ''
Women 's basketball is one of the few women 's sports that developed in tandem with its men 's counterpart .
May 15 1852 ) , wife of John Quincy Adams , was First Lady of the United States from 1825 to 1829 .
He was a Redemptorist priest known for having a deep faith in God and a deep love of Mary .
In doing so , Vettel became the youngest World Drivers ' Champion in the sport 's sixty-year history .
The triple-dot punctuation mark is also called a suspension point , points of ellipsis , periods of ellipsis , or colloquially , dot-dot-dot .
The town of Green Rock , Illinois has been incorporated into the city of Colona .
The House of Commons was originally far less powerful than the House of Lords , but today its legislative powers greatly exceed those of the Lords .
It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the north of the district at , the Union Council has a population of 30,384 .
Because Eris may be larger than Pluto , it was initially described as the '' tenth planet '' by NASA and in media reports of its discovery .
Water vapor jets have been observed near the south pole of Saturn 's moon Enceladus , while nitrogen eruptions have been observed on Neptune 's moon Triton .
The hydraulis was the world 's first keyboard instrument and was , in fact , the predecessor of the modern church organ .
Kanfen is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France .
A competition involving multiple matches , each involving a subset of the competitors , with the overall tournament winner determined based on the combined results of these individual matches .
The neighborhood of Zira ( the headquarters of the tehsil of the same name ) , in which there are many deserted sites , had been for many years a waste , when in 1508 Sayad Ahmad Shah came from Gugera and founded Zira Khas .
Paschal 's elimination marked a large controversy in the game of Survivor .
Before finishing high school he entered chemical engineering at Seoul National University at the top of his class .
Governor John Hampton was so confident of the arrangements , he was heard to say to Johns : '' If you get out again , I 'll forgive you '' .
Atropa belladonna or Atropa bella-donna , commonly known as belladonna or deadly nightshade , is a perennial herbaceous plant in the family Solanaceae , native to Europe , North Africa , and Western Asia .
At the urging of her undergraduate biology mentor Mary Scott Skinker , she settled for a temporary position with the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries , writing radio copy for a series of weekly educational broadcasts entitled '' Romance Under the Waters '' .
As the groups that split from the Holy See in the 1870s had no bishop , they joined Utrecht to form the Union of Utrecht .
It is most commonly measured in forestry ; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
Carme did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as ' .
The discovery made headlines across the globe .
Mr. Biddle busies himself with his Biddle Boxing and Bible School ( located in his stable ) and with his alligators in the conservatory .
The main body was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
William Raymond Norwood Jr. ( born January 17 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Ray J , is an American singer , record producer and actor .
Henceforth , the King had less tolerance for the influence the duchesse de Luynes had over Anne , and the situation deteriorated after the death of Luynes ( December 1621 ) .
His work has resulted in increased attention to Chinese culture and history .
The chemical equation below summarizes the fermentation of glucose , whose chemical formula is C6H12O6 .
Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome in the decades of the late 16th and early 17th Centuries , and paintings were needed to fill them .
The Montreal Canadiens beat the Chicago Black Hawks three games to two in a best-of-five Stanley Cup final for their second consecutive Cup win .
Clifton D. Bryant (/O2003/O) .
Later , the Sumerians used wild-growing saffron in their remedies and magical potions .
Lubbock was the son of Sir John Lubbock , 3rd Baronet , and was brought up in the family home of High Elms , near Downe .
The A71 , which connects Edinburgh and Kilmarnock passes through the town .
This was first performed in 1925 and became a common element at Armistice memorial ceremonies .
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya ( Arabic : al-Ib iyyah ) is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
id : lightgrey value : gray (/O0.9/O)
Pasargadae ( ) , the capital of Cyrus the Great ( 559-530 BC ) and also his last resting place , was a city in ancient Persia , and is today an archaeological site and one of Iran 's UNESCO World Heritage Sites .
It was not until the extra early 1970s that all US public schools were integrated ( the opposite of segregated )
Spontaneous mutations account for about 33 % of all cases of haemophilia A . About 30 % of cases of haemophilia B are the result of a spontaneous gene mutation .
Originally used to refer to the Upper New York Bay , the term is also used to describe the Port of New York and New Jersey , the port district for New York-Newark metropolitan area , under the jurisdiction of the Port Authority .
For the rest of the film , Lawless serves as the narrator\/commentator .
Multithreading is similar in concept to preemptive multitasking but is implemented at the thread level of execution in modern superscalar processors .
The Kyneton Cup is on the day after Melbourne Cup day .
The mortality rate from a bite can be as high as 75 % .
This season was also the first to have a tiebreaker challenge : in , the person with the most previous votes was voted out in such a situation , but in Samburu 's first tribal council , Carl Bilancione and Lindsey Richter each received four votes .
They make up several orders of mammals , of which six to eight survive .
In 1818 , the Congress of Chilpancingo was convened and on 6 November of that year , the Congress signed the first official document of independence , known as the '' Solemn Act of the Declaration of Independence of Northern America '' .
Each year after being elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives , Grisham would spend from January to March in the state capitol dreaming of a big case .
The leaders of the dynasty were also Shia Ismaili Imams , hence , they had a religious significance to Ismaili Muslims .
It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it .
Because it existed in both the eastern and western Pacific , John was one of a small number of tropical cyclones to be designated as both a hurricane and a typhoon .
Metzger/Coogan , Oxford Companion to the Bible .
Territorialism , also known as Statism ( though not to be confused with the political philosophy of the same name ) , was a Jewish political movement calling for creation of a sufficiently large and compact Jewish territory ( or territories ) , not necessarily in the Land of Israel and not necessarily fully autonomous .
On the morning of November 19 at 9:30 a.m. , Lincoln , astride a chestnut bay horse and riding between Secretary of State William H. Seward and Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P. Chase , joined in a procession with the assembled dignitaries , townspeople , and widows marching out to the grounds to be dedicated .
The origin of the term is to be found in the social and economic world of Italian opera , where from the mid-18th century to the 1830s , the impresario was the key figure in the organization of a lyric season .
The most basic kind of sentence consists of a single clause .
was banned in several public schools .
He also achieved top ten placings on stages of the 1995 Tour de Suisse .
An RfA that is clearly going to fail will often provoke a number of responses suggesting early closure .
The simplest way is for an animal to be of a color similar to its surroundings .
Kamakura was designated as a city on November 3 , 1939 .
Dee Bradley Baker voices Appa in both the TV series and the film .
The Holy Grail ( Santo Caliz ) in the Cathedral of Valencia , Spain from valenciavalencia.com It was the official papal chalice for many popes , and has been used by many others , most recently by Pope Benedict XVI , on July 9 , 2006 .
The Promethea Silkmoth ( Callosamia promethea ) , is a member of the Saturniidae family of moths .
Adelong is a small town in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia and is a part of the Tumut Shire .
Retrieved 21 November 2007 .
ISBN 0801857309 The story is driven not by the narrator 's insistence upon his innocence but by insistence on his sanity .
As the years passed and without any kind of formal action , maroon and gold became the official school colors .
The Bay of Bengal ( ) , the largest bay in the world , forms the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean .
It is one of the world 's best-selling game system lines with a combined 200 + million units sold worldwide .
To save his life , Harth deliberately drank the vampire 's blood , thereby becoming a vampire himself .
Walter Leland Cronkite , Jr. ( November 4 , 1916 -- July 17 , 2009 ) was an American broadcast journalist , best known as anchorman for the CBS Evening News for 19 years ( 1962 -- 81 ) .
See '' Sovereignty : organized hypocrisy , Stephen D. Krasner , Princeton University Press , 1999 , ISBN 069100711X Lassa Oppenheim said '' There exists perhaps no conception the meaning of which is more controversial than that of sovereignty .
The current Coptic Catholic Patriarch of Alexandria is Archbishop Antonios Naguib , who replaced Stephanos II in 2005 .
Carlos Germano Schwambach Neto ( born 14 August 1970 ) , better known as Carlos Germano , is a former Brazilian football goalkeeper .
Following World War II , Bonn was in the British zone of occupation , and in 1949 became the capital of West Germany .
Department of Agriculture Appropriations for 1957 : Hearings ... 84th Congress .
After von Richthofen 's death in April 1918 , Hauptmann Wilhelm Reinhard became JG 1 Commanding Officer .
It was released in the United Kingdom on 4 September 2000 and in the United States on 21 May 2001 .
